{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081\themelang3081\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\fbidi \froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f38\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f282\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f283\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f285\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f286\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f287\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f288\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f289\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f290\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f622\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f623\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f625\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f626\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f629\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f662\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}
{\f663\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f665\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f666\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f667\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}
{\f668\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f669\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f670\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f671\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \spriority0 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe3081\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp3081 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i \sbasedon10 \sqformat \spriority0 Emphasis;}{\*\cs16 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \b \sbasedon10 \sqformat \spriority0 Strong;}{
\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \cbpat9 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f38\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 \ssemihidden \spriority0 
Document Map;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid4936964}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\title Driving is hard}{\author tim}{\operator Tim}
{\creatim\yr2008\mo4\dy15\hr19\min58}{\revtim\yr2008\mo4\dy15\hr19\min58}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords6575}{\nofchars27876}{\*\company the alien tomato factory}{\nofcharsws34383}{\vern32859}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com
/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale150\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\nolnhtadjtbl\nojkernpunct\rsidroot4936964 \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\s1\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081\insrsid4936964 Driving Force
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid4936964 
\par Driving is hard. It\rquote s too hard to concentrate in this heat, but this is summer, and I can\rquote t complain: It\rquote s summer\rquote 
s job to be hot. I can feel the sweat on my back, and under my thighs; the way it glues me to the seat, the faint tang it adds to the humourless air. I\rquote m not fond of long car trips.
\par I don\rquote t like driving any longer. I recall liking it, loving it in fact, wanting to throw myself in a vehicle at any hour of any day, and drive to some place I\rquote ve never been. I think it\rquote s just these las
t few years with Miranda has changed me. I know she never liked cars at all. She used to fly, or catch the train (never the bus- I don\rquote t blame her), or ride her mountain bike. Maybe that\rquote s rubbed off on me. I guess a lot of things have.

\par She\rquote s there beside me now, curled up in the seat as best she can. I can see her head bouncing on the window, vibrating with the car. It\rquote s funny, she always used to complain about our bed back home, how it hurt her back, how she couldn
\rquote t sleep. Now here she dozes, sitting in an awkward upright position, head bouncing against the window in time to the bumps. I do it too; it\rquote s just one of those things.
\par Why would anybody live here? The land is just flat. There\rquote s nothing to see. Oh sure, there\rquote s trees and power lines, but there always are. You take them for granted. This land, it\rquote s dark grey-brown soil netted with farms and roads, it
\rquote s just dull. I\rquote ve always been a mountain person, and so, I guess, has Miranda. Surely there has to be a better way to farm. What I mean is a more effi
cient way to farm. Look out there at that tractor. It tows the plough or whatever it is, stirring up the soil, which blows away in the wind. You hear about the conservationists are always ranting on about how valuable the topsoil is, and how we should loo
k after the environment for the future generations- fair enough, I guess. So why doesn\rquote t somebody invent a better way to till the land. Or why can\rquote t they invent some sort of factory that can grow grain? Why can\rquote 
t you make use of all that space up above the paddocks- build giant pyramids out of aluminium and grow grains and rice in terraces alone the faces, using giant solar panel mirrors to reflect the sun onto the dark faces, and generate power at the same time
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4936964 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 188 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4936964 
\par This happens. I get in a car and drive, and m
y mind wanders fantastically. If the images in my mind were real we would all be living in a surreal interpretation, a mosaic world of overlayed fantasies, a place where nothing was real and everything existed. I start to imagine that I am the last person
 
on the Earth, here in my little car, putting around, consuming the fruits of humankind in a kind of dejected, burnt out joy, knowing my eventual punitive destruction would mean virtually zilch to the world, the universe at large. Just another grasshopper 
going splat against the windscreen of time. Damned things.
\par I should pull the car over and get out, go for a walk. In fact, I should get Miranda to drive for a while. I don\rquote t think she\rquote d get lost if I went to sleep. She\rquote s got a much better sense of direction than I have. I couldn\rquote 
t find my way out of a sleeping bag.
\par That\rquote s what I\rquote ll do. Now, to find an appropriate spot. If only those imbeciles who build this road had installed some form of rest area, or left a nice big tree standing near the road, I could pul
l over and sit in the shade. Maybe they should build a big long roof all the way along the side of the road where people could pull over, so they\rquote d be under cover wherever they stopped}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4936964 
{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 188 \\f "Symbol" \\s 10}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4936964 
\par Again, my mind is slipping, but farther this time. If I keep this up I could doze off myself, and lose control of the car. I\rquote m not terribly worried about the car. I mean, it is a rental. It\rquote 
s not worth anything to me but the deposit. I doubt they\rquote ll give that back anyway after what happened to the boot. No, it\rquote s Miranda I wo
rry about. If I was at fault when we crashed into something and she was hurt in any way- well, you know. Miranda is\'85 precious.
\par I\rquote m going to pull over.
\par \'93What\rquote s wrong?\'94 I hear her ask as the car comes to a halt on the grass beside the road. \'93Why are we stopping?\'94
\par \'93I just need a break. I keep daydreaming. Can\rquote t concentrate. I\rquote m in no state to be driving you or anybody else around. Getting tired, I guess.\'94
\par \'93Do you want me to take over?\'94
\par \'93No. I just need to stretch, to take a bit of time out.\'94
\par \'93There\rquote s cold water in the esky. Do you want some?\'94
 Without my reply, she gets out of the car anyway, and I pop the boot for her, and accidentally open the fuel cap too. I open the door and get out onto the soundless road. I can still hear that tractor, going round and round, stirring up dust.
\par I walk to the back of the car to close the fuel cap. Miranda hands me a little green plastic cup full of cold water. \'93Quiet out here, isn\rquote t it?\'94
\par I listen. There\rquote s the sound of the engine cooling, little clicks and pops every now and then. There\rquote s the sound of the wind far off, rustling the leaves and the grass, and the low grumble of that tractor. I nod and drink the water.
\par \'93It\rquote s an empty landscape,\'94 I say, perhaps trying to inhabit the silence.
\par Miranda smiles at me. She has the most beautiful smile I\rquote ve ever seen. Her big blue eyes light up, and I am again instilled with that sense of wonder at this woman. She\rquote s so beautiful. We\rquote 
re coming up to our forth year together as man and wife, so that would be about six all up, and she still fills me with that joy every time I see her. I hope this is all there is to life.
\par It isn\rquote t. The drudgeries of everyday life still exist for us to contend with, and we are two separate people, we do have our differences. Maybe that a good thing. It highlights these little moments, makes you seem all the luckier.
\par \'93I don\rquote t know,\'94 she says thoughtfully. \'93I mean, there\rquote s the road, and the trees. The land itself has it\rquote s own kind of beauty. It is its own purpose, there\rquote s beauty in that. The way the wind ripples thro
ugh the grass, the way the dust curls and eddies. Everything is unique to this one moment, and in the billions of years past or to come, this moment will never occur again. See, look at the birds. They fold and slide on the air itself. There aren\rquote 
t any grand-looking buildings, or neat palms lining the road. It\rquote s a kind of natural completeness though, not empty. Do you see.\'94
\par I don\rquote t think I do. I know what she\rquote s trying to tell me. It\rquote s the same thing she\rquote s always tried to say to me, how everything is beautif
ul. She seems to see the inner interplay between the natural and human-made objects of the world. She\rquote s explained the concept to me any number of times, how to truly see something for what it\rquote 
s worth you must see it how it is, as it stands, with no preconception of the object. You must see the object in the objects terms, the entity it\rquote s own purpose. It\rquote 
s just not something I can do. If I could only see the world through her eyes, then I would understand.
\par I don\rquote t answer her. To me, this is still just an empty landscape.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081\insrsid4936964 Crossroads
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid4936964 
\par I come awake.
\par Miranda says something nice to me, or something I think is nice. I was dreaming of home, the view of the mesa-like mountains, grey-green trees a forefront to golden stone cliffs. Not gone two days I already miss it.
\par Maybe Miranda wasn\rquote t mumbling something nice, for the car is parked in the dusty car park of a roadside takeaway. She\rquote s already halfway to the door, and I have to scrabble around for my wallet. I\rquote 
m not wearing my watch, something that bugs me still, but I told her that I would not wear it while we were on holidays. She\rquote s always going on about how my life is ruled by the time. So, to prove to her wrong, as she is, I\rquote 
ve resolved to not wear my watch for the duration. I look silly with a little white band of skin around my wrist.
\par I wonder what time it is?
\par My wallet is in the glove box, where I put it. Sometimes I forget to take it out of my pocket and sit on it. I\rquote m one of those people who keeps change in the wallet itself, not in my pocket, so sitting on it i
s quite uncomfortable. I know Miranda likes to keep loose change either in her bag or in the ashtray. Why would you put money in an ashtray? You need your money in your wallet; imaging carrying an ashtray around for when you needed change. I guess it
\rquote s handy to have some in the car, though.
\par Miranda has gone into the shop. I lock the car because she\rquote s taken the keys as usual.
\par \'93Howdy,\'94 says a truckie in passing. I can tell he\rquote s a truckie because he\rquote s wearing a blue singlet, black shorts and boots. I\rquote m told it\rquote s bad to stereotype people, but I can\rquote 
t help it. If somebody asks me to think of an accountant, I get this mental picture of a man with a white shirt, black pin-stripe trousers and a brightly-coloured tie. This isn\rquote t a stereotype, it\rquote s just how accountant
s dress. The truckie is the same, they just all happen to dress, out of pure coincidence probably, in a blue singlet and black shorts.
\par \'93How you going,\'94 I reply, but I\rquote ve taken too long again. He\rquote s halfway back to his big black rig. Sometimes I just don\rquote t k
now what to say to some people, they say something so normal and my mind blanks out for a second, and by the time I recover, it\rquote s too late. The story of my life, I presume.
\par As I walk into the takeaway, I reel at the smell of hot fried food. It\rquote s just like walking into the shop on our corner back home. I have to admit I am a sucker for hot fried food, against Miranda\rquote s better judgement, of course. She\rquote 
s up at the counter with a chocolate ice cream in one hand and what appears to be a salad roll in the other.
\par \'93What time is it?\'94 I ask her.
\par \'93About five,\'94 she replies vaguely, atop the waitress behind the counter, who mumbles \'93Four forty-two.\'94
\par Miranda says to me something that she always says in these situations. \'93You buy the Cornetto and I\rquote ll just have the bottom.\'94
\par \'93No, you have it. I think I\rquote ll have a choc-mint one.\'94
\par \'93I can\rquote t eat all this.\'94
\par \'93Buff could eat that, and she\rquote s only a dog. You\rquote re much bigger, more room to fill.\'94 I\rquote m waving my hands around in circles, trying to convey the difference in size. It\rquote s not working.
\par \'93It\rquote ll make me fat.\'94
\par \'93One gram of chocolate equals one kilogram of fat. Oldest law in the universe.\'94 I grin because Miranda hates it when I tease. I turn to the waitress. \'93Can I get some fish and chips with chicken salt thanks.\'94
\par \'93Just on the chips?\'94 She asks.
\par \'93No,\'94 I say, picking up a pack of orange Tic-Tacs. \'93On the fish too, thanks. And can I have some lemon? Just a couple of dollars of chips, and two or three of whiting.\'94
\par Outside, a truck\rquote s air-brakes bleat into the evening silence.
\par Miranda is giving me on of those looks. \'93You should be eating healthy food.\'94
\par \'93Fish is healthy, being white meat,\'94 I say. \'93And chips are potatoes- they\rquote re healthy.\'94 It\rquote s the line I always fall back on. I\rquote m smiling because I\rquote m happy.
\par She\rquote s not about to be sucked into that one again. She just continues to give me that look. I think it\rquote s the reason I married her, that look. I\rquote ve never doubted my decision, that\rquote s for sure.
\par I walk over the freezer and pick out a honeycomb flavour Choc Wedge. I wink at Miranda. Finally she smiles.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081\insrsid4936964 The Morning After
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid4936964 
\par Something I\rquote ve never been able to convince Miranda of is the fact that I can\rquote t stand TV in the morning. The radio either. She has an incessant habit of turning the wretched thing on first thing, and turn it up loud so she can hear t
he news while she makes herself a cup of tea.
\par \'93I was having a nice dream,\'94 I call out to the hall, wondering if I close my eyes that I may again return to the surreal world inside my head.
\par \'93Sorry,\'94 I think I hear her call out from downstairs. She must have turned it down because now I can only just hear a burble of noises, like listening to a dinner party from out in the garden.
\par \'93Can you at least shut the door?\'94 I call out to Miranda, fully knowing that I\rquote ll never get back to sleep.
\par Miranda normally takes the opportunity to say something along the lines of \lquote It\rquote s time for you to get up anyway\rquote  but today she hasn\rquote t.
\par Why hasn\rquote t she? Why is today so special? Is it our anniversary? No. And it\rquote s not my birthday. It\rquote s not Miranda\rquote s birthday either. I would certainl
y remember that. The natural progression of the morning is for Miranda to wake me, then for me to complain about it, then for Miranda to somehow force me out of bed. But this day is different. I wonder why?
\par I decide to call out again. \'93What\rquote s wrong? Do you need a hand with something?\'94
\par There\rquote s no answer. Miranda remains silent. I can still hear the TV, but the volume is down.
\par Maybe I\rquote m getting paranoid. Maybe she\rquote s just letting me sleep in. We are on holiday, after all. I\rquote m just being obnoxious, is all.
\par The kettle begins it morning whine. As if the TV didn\rquote t wake me, the daily whine of the kettle is far greater alarm than any clock or radio. \'93I\rquote ll never get back to sleep,\'94 I say to the room.
\par The kettle is still crying out in its shrieking crescendo.
\par \'93Miranda?\'94
\par Finally I hear the kettle release it\rquote s cry, but the silence is replaced almost immediately with a screech from Miranda herself. \'93Shit!\'94 I hear, and then a metallic clatter and a splash.
\par I\rquote m out of bed, the sheet around my waist, like that. In the kitchen, steam is rising from the tiles, and kettle lies cracked on the table. \'93What happened?\'94
\par Miranda has her hand under the cold tap. \'93I wasn\rquote t paying attention. The steam burnt my hand.\'94
\par \'93Are you okay?\'94 I ask, realising that she is not.
\par \'93I\rquote ll be okay.\'94
\par \'93Let me see,\'94 I say, but she has wrapped her hand in a wet Chux.
\par \'93I\rquote ll be okay,\'94 she reminds me.
\par \'93You should keep it under the cold water for a while, or it could blister.\'94
\par \'93I said I\rquote m fine.\'94 She gives me an irritated look, and walks out to watch the TV.
\par \'93I\rquote ll get you a bowl of icy water, then.\'94 I don\rquote t get a reply, so I start to fill a saucepan with cold water, and get some ice from the freezer. When I\rquote ve put the ice in the saucepan, I take it out to her. \'93What\rquote 
s so special on TV, then?\'94
\par \'93Shhh!\'94
\par I put the saucepan of water in front of her and manoeuvre her hand into it. \'93What\rquote s on?\'94
\par Miranda says to me \'93Turn it up a bit.\'94
\par I shrug and walk over to the TV. On the screen, a man with a microphone is standing in front of a very large grey dome. I can see police helicopters and fire crews working in the background. I turn up the volume.
\par Rare to early morning news, the man on the TV surprises me with his story:
\par \'93\'85in any depth. You can see the dome itself is without any visible lines or markings. I\rquote ve just heard reports fr
om fire officials on the site that the metal appears to be a thin, seamless material. Apparently the whole surface of the object is a single sheet of metal. How this is possible, nobody is sure. Preliminary reports also suggest that the metal is resisting
 the methods employed by the fire crews of cutting their way in. It appears, Joanne, that the metal itself is impervious to their attempts to cut it, although the fire crew did have limited success with their heavy duty equipment.\'94
\par The scene switches back to a studio, where a panel of grey-haired old men is assembled beside a prim blonde reporter. \'93
I see. So how about the people trapped in the building itself? What kind of attempt has been made to free those trapped inside the grey sphere? If the metal canno
t be cut, how can the volunteers gain access to the building? From my vantage point, Rod, The sphere appears to have intersected the building. How is that possible?\'94
\par \'93Well, Joanne. That remains a mystery to this moment, however the rescue teams are working round the clock with the city planners to find another way into the building.\'94
\par Then, as the reporter held a finger to his ear and listened to some untelevised voice, I ask Miranda \'93What\rquote s going on?\'94
\par She doesn\rquote t turn to look at me, just stares aimlessly at the TV. \'93I\rquote m not sure. They say the great big grey sphere appeared there sometime last night. They think it\rquote s some kind of new military experiment. Stupid Americans, can
\rquote t why think of anything else?\'94
\par \'93What do you mean by appeared?\'94
\par Miranda\rquote s voice is almost never this quiet. \'93I don\rquote 
t know. It just appeared there stuck into an apartment building, as if someone has cut a whole section of the city out and put it there instead. People went to bed last night as normal and this morning there it was. There\rquote s peo
ple trapped inside the building. Look!\'94
\par \'93My god,\'94 I hear the CNN reporter say. \'93The size of this thing can\rquote t be relayed through your sets at home. It must be at least fifty, sixty metres high, and from that last report, the grey metal surface actually exte
nds both inside the building and under ground. I don\rquote t know how that\rquote s possible, but it appears that this grey ball has somehow materialised inside the apartment building, trapping hundreds of people inside the apartment\'85\'94
\par I\rquote m still by the TV, so I grab the remote, which is sitting on top of the TV, and I mute the sound. Miranda protests.
\par \'93No,\'94 I say, putting her hand back in the cold water. \'93You have to keep it in there or it will blister.\'94
\par She gives me that irritated look again, takes the remote from my hand and removes the mute, but thankfully leaves her hand in the water.
\par She\rquote s acting very strangely this morning. She normally has the TV on for \lquote company\rquote , and I don\rquote t think I can remember when she\rquote s been so obsessed with a single strange news story that sh
e would burn herself on the kettle. I\rquote m actually worried about her this morning.
\par I wander back to our bedroom, and clamber into bed.
\par The sheets have gone cold.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081\insrsid4936964 Questions Arising
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid4936964 
\par I don\rquote t think I\rquote ve ever quite gotten the hang of holidays. I\rquote m used to working day in day out. I\rquote 
m a nine to fiver for sure; the drive home through the traffic is enough to calm my nerves after a long day. Most people I know hate driving through the heavy afternoon traffic, but I like it because you can concentrate on using your h
ands and feet to drive, which leaves the mind open to other things. Miranda tells me to concentrate when I drive many times, but I find I can just set my mind at the task of staying on the road, and then think about other things. She doesn\rquote 
t believe me when I say so, but I can. At home anyway.
\par Out here in the middle of nowhere, all I can do is wait. I don\rquote t like fishing. Miranda\rquote s brother always wants me to go fishing with him, and I do, because I like him. But fishing isn\rquote t a great pastime; all you seem to
 do is waste a whole lot of time doing nothing. You don\rquote t even have to work up a sweat. Well, I don\rquote t at any rate. I enjoy walking, but you can only walk so much.
\par I\rquote m walking up a fairly steep trail today, because I want to see what the little white tower with the blue circle at the top of the mountain is that I can see from our bedroom window. Yesterday after Miranda\rquote 
s incident with the hot kettle, she and I talked and wandered around, and lying in the afternoon sun on our bed I noticed it up there in the distance. So today I\rquote ve left Miranda to her book and am taking the long walk.
\par These last few nights there have been a lot of meteorites. I saw a few go over last night, one large one lit up the whole sky, and we could hear it rumbling like distant thunder. It\rquote s the first time I\rquote 
ve ever heard anything like it. They say on the documentaries that sometimes if the meteor is big enough it can whistle as soon as you can see it, the noise generated by its magnetic field. I don\rquote t know if that\rquote s right; light moves f
aster than sound, and most meteorites burn out while they\rquote re still hundreds of kilometres up. The planes that go overhead fly a few kilometres above the ground, and their sound still carries on long after they\rquote 
re gone. Scientists are always discovering new things, so I guess they\rquote re right. They know what they\rquote re talking about, even if I don\rquote t.
\par I am wondering what the difference between a meteor and a meteorite is. I can never remember which is which. Asteroids are big things in space, and meteors are what y
ou call them when they fall, and meteorites are if they hit the ground. Something like that.
\par I trip over a half-buried root, and graze my knee.
\par The little tower at the top of the hill isn\rquote t a little tower, it\rquote s just a pole with a round blue or black circle
 on top. I guess it must be some kind of marker for navigation or surveys. It might even be a seismic station or something. Those things are usually out in the middle of nowhere.
\par I keep walking towards it; the trail goes on past it, but I\rquote m staring to get hungry, and I don\rquote t want Miranda having to throw away my lunch because I\rquote m not there to eat it. It\rquote s only a kilometre or so away, so I\rquote 
ll just go up there, then I can go home.
\par If it\rquote s a seismic survey station may I shouldn\rquote t be going near it, because it might upset their graphs. I know they can pick up a minor earthquake on the other side of the world, so me walking around on the ground nearby would upset it if it
\rquote s that sensitive. But then again, the sound of the meteorites or meteors or whatever they are called would have shaken it around. I guess it doesn\rquote t matter after all.
\par I keep on towards it.
\par I\rquote m standing in front of the pole, It\rquote s maybe two metres high with a dark blue circle riddled with holes welded on top. There are a few names and initials scratched into the paintwork, but other than that it\rquote 
s just a pole on a mountain. It\rquote s just a marker. Well I guess this answers my questions.
\par I turn around and the first thing I see is a big grey dome down in the next valley, like the top half of a sphere stuck in the ground. Miranda\rquote s father owns this mountain, and that valley, as well as the house we\rquote re staying in, and I don
\rquote t think she\rquote s mentioned the big grey dome before. I\rquote ll have to ask her what it is when I get back.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang3081\langfe1033\langnp3081\insrsid4936964 Worldly Affairs
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid4936964 
\par I\rquote m eating my egg and salad roll when the helicopters arrive.
\par Miranda told me once that the power companies use helicopters to fly all the way along the power lines looking for broken insulators or leaning poles. The big lines that run through these hills are inaccessible to m
ost vehicles, and the choppers are much faster. I saw one while we were driving here the other day. It flew right past the car, maybe five metres above the power line.
\par I\rquote m still chewing my sandwich, and I\rquote m seated at the table, looking at the local paper b
ut not reading it. Miranda has gone back into town to get some milk and a few other things. On the page in front of me I can see pictures of the big grey dome things that have popped up all over the world. Nobody has any ideas whatsoever what they are, or
 how they were placed in the ground. I just look at them.
\par I look up, surprised, because I can hear the engines of the \rquote copters winding down, as if they\rquote ve landed. I put the sandwich down, and scoop up a Tim Tam from the packet on the table, and then head for the front door.
\par There\rquote s a great big black helicopter sitting out on the grass in front of the house, and another white one about the land a little down the road. I break of half of the chocolate biscuit with my teeth, and walk out the door and down towar
ds the flying vehicles. I\rquote ve never seen helicopters up close, and these ones are big; much bigger than the one we saw chasing the power lines, and these ones are full of people. I can see at least six heads bobbing inside the first one.
\par Waves of heat distort the air behind the choppers. The grass and flowers are being blown flat. I hope Miranda doesn\rquote t see them.
\par The door opens, and I take another bite of the biscuit, this one smaller than the first in the vague hope that if I eat it in smaller chunks, there will be more to it. I can go through a packet of these things in a single sitting \endash 
 I love chocolate. A man steps out of the helicopter and is followed by a couple more figures. He\rquote s an official looking person \endash  the grey suit blowing away any doubt there. I know he\rquote s not an accountant because he\rquote 
s not wearing a tie, and I know he\rquote s not a politician because he has a mean-looking face. He\rquote s wearing a white polo shirt under his coat, and dark sunglasses. He\rquote s flanked by a middle-aged woman wearing army field 
greens, and a young blonde-haired guy with a pony tail, glasses, a goatee and wearing denim jeans. I hate to stereotype, but I\rquote m guessing a computer nerd of some sort.
\par I wander out to meet them, biscuit in hand. The woman steps forward, smiles nicely. She\rquote s pretty.
\par \'93Are you the owner of the land adjacent to the rear of Mount Hopper?\'94 she says, and I flounder for a moment, wondering where Hopper mountain is. I put the remaining portion of Tim Tam in my mouth and realise I should have answered instead.
\par \'93You mean this one,\'94 I say, recalling yesterday\rquote s trip up to the white pole on the hill, and point in that direction. I\rquote ve tried to swallow the biscuit as is, and it\rquote s stuck in my throat. I hear the other helicopter\rquote 
s motor slowing down.
\par \'93Yes,\'94 she replies, and smiles at me.
\par \'93No. My wife does. Well, actually, her father does. We\rquote re here for a holiday. Is this about that big grey sphere thing?\'94
\par \'93What do you know about it?\'94
\par \'93Only that it\rquote s there,\'94 I say, knowing now that it\rquote s not something Miranda could have answered even if I\rquote 
d remembered to ask her about it. I recall the pictures in the paper from a moment ago. Suddenly all of my freshly-discovered relaxation begins to dissolve. The world finds me again, or something. I think I\rquote m happy about it.
\par \'93Have you seen it, or been inside it?\'94 Says the man in the grey suit.
\par I\rquote m not sure what he means by \lquote inside\rquote . \'93No. I only saw it from the hill.\'94
\par \'93When was that?\'94
\par \'93Yesterday, about lunchtime. I was hiking up the hill to see the little white tower thing. I saw it and thought it was just a shed or something.\'94
\par The man doesn\rquote t seem to like that at all. He seems agitated by what I\rquote ve said, even though I\rquote ve really said very little. The computer nerd doesn\rquote t appear to have heard anything. He\rquote 
s preoccupied with a little grey device in his hand.
\par \'93Or something?\'94 says the grey suit.
\par I\rquote ve started to cough; the Tim Tam residue in my throat becoming too irritating to ignore. \'93What?\'94
\par The woman interrupts him before he can speak again. I\rquote m terrible at reading people. I don\rquote t know what is going on anyway, or who these people are. All this stuff couldn\rquote 
t have happened at a worse time, either. My lunch is grumbling at me from down there in my stomach. I think it wants more. For a silly moment I wonder if I should call my stomach Oliver. It seems 
to burble away happily to itself after I manage to swallow the rogue Tim Tam.
\par Amazingly enough, I haven\rquote t missed what the woman has said. She asked me whether I would like to take a ride up and see the dome. \'93Take a ride? You mean in that?\'94 I say, pointing at the black thing out on the grass.
\par The grey suit leans back and says something to her. I can\rquote t read his lips. I get this impression from them that they know I can't. I\rquote m not getting many good vibes from that man, he\rquote s actually a little bit scary. She isn\rquote 
t really smiling like she was before, but I\rquote 
m still getting good vibes from her. Miranda would be saying (if I ever told her stuff like this) that it has to do with her body language. She sometimes goes on about that kind of thing, and even thought it\rquote s really interesting stuff, I just can
\rquote t get the hang of what she\rquote s on about. I think I\rquote ll stick to my vibes, for now. One day I will understand Miranda.
\par \'93We\rquote ll take the other unit,\'94 she says to me, smiling again.
\par \'93Sure,\'94 I say, and it then hits me. Unit equals Helicopter. I\rquote m ok now. \'93I\rquote ll have to leave a note for Miranda.\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t worry about that,\'94 she says, \'93These guys are going to stay here for a while. They\rquote ll be here when your wife comes back, so they will let her know what\rquote s going on.\'94
\par I wish somebody would let me know what was going on. I\rquote m feeling excited. \'93All right then. I\rquote ve never been in a helicopter before.\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s easy,\'94 the woman says, and I\rquote m glad I\rquote m trusting my vibes because they\rquote re all good so far. \'93We can go now if you\rquote re ready.\'94
\par I nod, and then we\rquote re walking side by side back towards the second helicopter. I look at the grey suited man but he\rquote s talking on a phone, or it must be a radio because cell phones don\rquote t work out here. \'93What about them?\'94
\par \'93No, they\rquote ll stay here and organise the base camp. It\rquote s just us.\'94
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4936964 Flights of Fantasy
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid4936964 
\par We walk for a bit. I\rquote m thinking about lunch, because I don\rquote t think it\rquote s sitting right in my stomach at the moment and I\rquote m not sure that bouncing around in a helicopter, if it\rquote s anything like a small plane, is going 
to be good for me. I\rquote m also thinking about what the hell is going on. I haven\rquote t got a clue what the grey ball is, I mean I only looked at it for a couple of minutes yesterday and then I forgot to ask Miranda about it. It\rquote 
s obvious that it\rquote s not something she would know about because of what I saw on CNN and in the paper this morning (which is yesterday\rquote s anyway so maybe the scientists have worked out what they are now). Suddenly I rear backwards \endash 
 there\rquote s a hand on my shoulder and I can see my reflection in the glass bubble on the front of the helicopter which is about half a metre away now.
\par The lady says \'93Slow down, you were about walk into it. You\rquote re looking a little lost there.\'94
\par \'93Sorry,\'94 I say automatically, and then wonder if it\rquote s an appropriate word. \'93I guess I wasn\rquote t paying much attention \endash  again. I\rquote m good at that.\'94
\par \'93Well start paying attention now, because if you\rquote ve never been up before then this is going to be an adventure.\'94
\par This is another one of those times where I know there\rquote s a second meaning to what she\rquote s just said, like it the kind of sarcasm you use when you don\rquote t say it sarcastically, but I\rquote m not sure what else she\rquote 
s saying, or not saying, or whatever. If she\rquote s being sarcastic then she\rquote s really saying it\rquote s going to be dull instead of fun, but I think it will be fun, so maybe she\rquote s not saying it that way. Of course it will be fun \endash 
 I\rquote ve heard from people at work who have gone on the joyrides in these things at fete\rquote s and things and they\rquote ve loved it. Apparently it\rquote s expensive, so I\rquote ve never gone. 
I mean, five minutes ago I was sitting down eating lunch and reading about \endash  well ok looking at the pictures of \endash  the big spheres, and now here I am about to get to go up in a helicopter \endash  for free \endash 
 and get to see one of them in person. Wow. Anyway I don\rquote t think she was being sarcastic, so I guess she just didn\rquote t say something else that she could have said. Again, one of those things I\rquote m not good at, so I just ignore them.

\par \'93Ok. What do I do?\'94 I ask her, getting in the chopper beside her and sitting down in the seat to her right.
\par \'93You have to do up the seatbelt like this,\'94 she says and reaches across me with her left arm to grab a seatbelt that I\rquote m sitting up against. Her hair is nice and smells like the shampoo that Miranda uses, and bits of her press up an
d down me as we struggle to get into the seatbelt, which is kind of weird and I\rquote m not sure if I like it. Its funny but I\rquote m just trying to get into this seatbelt that comes down over my shoulders and around my middle, and she\rquote 
s only trying to help me into it, but since she smells like Miranda and she\rquote s pressing up against me and we\rquote re breathing on each other and smiling and Miranda isn\rquote t here then it\rquote s\'85 just a little weird that\rquote s all. I
\rquote m not doing anything wrong, but some of me feels like I am. I\rquote m in my seatbelt now so that\rquote s ok. She says \'93Now you take the headphones and put them on. It\rquote s so we can hear each other and the pilot while we\rquote 
re in the air.\'94
\par I make a half-smile at her and the suddenly I\rquote m really quite tense about all this. I take the headphones she\rquote s offering me and put them on, and fiddle with the microphone so it\rquote s not poking me in the mouth. I\rquote 
m actually sitting in a helicopter, strapped in, with headphones on about to take off from home without Miranda knowing where I am with people I don\rquote t know. I could be being kidnapped without even knowing. My hands are balled into fists but I can
\rquote t seem to make them relax.
\par The engines are starting!
\par I don\rquote t even know their names!
\par \'93I\rquote m really sorry but I don\rquote t know you\rquote re name.\'94 I say, holding the microphone near to my mouth. I can\rquote t hear what I\rquote m saying but maybe that\rquote 
s the whine of the engines. I look over to the woman but she laughing at me, and reaching down somewhere between the seats. She pulls out her hand and in it there\rquote s a headphone plug. She reache
s up the a panel on the back of the seats in front of us and plugs it into a socket and throws a blue switch, which lights up. Instantly the sound of the engines isn\rquote t so loud, and I can hear her voice.
\par \'93It helps if you plug it in.\'94
\par Ok that makes sense. \'93How come I can hear you so well? Has it got that noise cancelling thing like on mobile phones?\'94
\par \'93Yeah,\'94 she says, her voice eerily vague in my ears, coming from both directions at once even though she\rquote s on my left. \'93It helps cut out the noise of the engines while we\rquote re in flight. You\rquote 
re looking a little wild around the eyes.\'94
\par She is so relaxed that I actually soak up a bit of it. Finally I\rquote m able to unball my hands and stretch them a couple of times. The whole frame of the helicopter is vibrating now, and the engines are panning out into a steady noise. \'93I\rquote 
ll be okay.\'94
\par Oh my god! That\rquote s the ground down there! We\rquote ve just taken off and it was just straight up, like somebody picking up the chair I was sitting on. I can feel the blood draining from my head and pooling in my arms and legs. I\rquote 
m actually flying in a helicopter! I hear a noise and it\rquote s the sound of me whooping out loud and laughing.
\par \'93It\rquote s really something isn\rquote t it?\'94 I hear in my headphones, but it\rquote s just a background to what I\rquote m seeing outside. There\rquote s trees falling away, and the ground getting bigger, or more of it. I can\rquote 
t see the house because it out over the other side of the helicopter, but I can see the road here and there through the trees, and the horizon which is getting a little further away 
all the time, and out there beyond the forest is the farmlands and the hills. It\rquote s all so amazing, more amazing that just seeing it from the top of the hill yesterday because we\rquote re moving.
\par The helicopter tilts forwards and I hold on to the arm rests but the helicopter just speeds forward and I\rquote m pressed back into the seat with a rush of acceleration and adrenaline.
\par \'93This is so amazing,\'94 I am whispering, and I turn to look at the woman, who I find to me looking at me with a large smile on her face. \'93I didn\rquote t know we had taken off until we were up over the trees. It was just whoosh \endash \'94
 I indicate with both arms. \'93Straight off the ground.\'94
\par \'93I love flying,\'94 she says and turns to look out the window. There was something I was going to ask her before we took off but for the life of me I can\rquote 
t remember what it is now. Look at all the trees! You can almost see into the next valley. I love this!
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4936964 Fact Finding
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \fi142\li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid4936964 
\par 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87615b8116d8
a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad79482a9c04
98f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b5d8a314d3c
94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab999fb7b471
7509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9699640f671
9e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd5868b37a088d1
e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d60cf03ac1a5
193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f9e7ef3f2d1
17d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be15c308d3f2
8acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a99793849c26ae6
6252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d32a423279a
668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2af074481847
bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86e877f0034e
16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d3311da9750aa9d0a1cd3e4efca31a3508f6d0c5c5c398602f8e2ebc71591f5b616e24dd893aa3261fb44f95d843b
5974bb5c04f4edafb95b7892ec1108f3f98de75dc97d5772bdff7cc95d94cf672db4b3da0a6557f70db629362d72bcb0431e53c6066acac80d699a6409fb44d0
8741bdce9c0e4971624a2378cceaba830b05366b90e0ea23aaa241845368b0eb9e2612ca8c742851ca251ceccc70256d8d87265dd96361531f186c3d9058edf2
c00eafe8e1fc5c509031bb4d680e9f39a3154de0accc56ae644441edd76156d7429d995bdd88664a9dc3ad50197c38af1a0c16d684060441db02565e85f3b966
0d0713cc48a0ed6ef7dedc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c78ab90980d8a9f0913ee49d62b512b79626fb06dccee2a432bbc60276b9f7dec44b
7904cfbca4f3f6443ab2a49c9c2c41476dafd55c6e7ac8c769db1bc399161ee314bc2e75cf8759081743be1236ec4f4d6693e5336fb672c5dc24a8c33585b5fb
9cc24e1d4885545b58463634cc5416022cd19cacfccb4d30eb45296023fd35a458598360f8d7a4003bbaae25e331f155d9d9a5116d3bfb9a95523e51440ca2e0
088dd844ec6370bf0e55d027a012ae264c45d02f708fa6ad6da6dce29c255df9f6cae0ec38666984b372ab5334cf640b37795cc860de4ae2816e95b21be5ceaf
8a49f90b52a51cc6ff3355f47e0237052b81f6800fd7b802239daf6d8f0b1571a8426944fdbe80c6c1d40e8816b88b8569082ab84c36ff0539d4ff6dce591a26
ade1c0a7f669880485fd484582903d284b26fa4e2156cff62e4b9265844c4495c495a9157b440e091bea1ab8aaf7760f4510eaa69a6465c0e04ec69ffb9e65d0
28d44d4e39df9c1a52ecbd3607fee9cec7263328e5d661d3d0e4f62f44acd855ed7ab33cdf7bcb8ae889599bd5c8b3029895b6825696f6af29c239b75a5bb1e6
345e6ee6c28117e73586c1a2214ae1be07e93fb0ff51e133fb65426fa843be0fb515c187064d0cc206a2fa926d3c902e907670048d931db4c1a44959d366ad93
b65abe595f70a75bf03d616c2dd959fc7d4e6317cd99cbcec9c58b34766661c7d6766ca1a9c1b327531486c6f941c638c67cd22a7f75e2a37be0e82db8df9f30
254d30c1372581a1f51c983c80e4b71ccdd28dbf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f74
68656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f24
51eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198
720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528
a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000
000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000
002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468
656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b000016000000000000000000
00000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000000000
00000000000000009b0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000960a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000d071
cc49df9ec801feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}