{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch8\stshfhich8\stshfbi0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081\themelang3081\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\fbidi \froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f4\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}{\f8\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503060506020304}New York;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f280\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f281\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f283\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f284\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f285\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f286\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f287\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f288\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f620\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}
{\f621\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}{\f623\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f624\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f627\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \f8 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }
\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*
\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \spriority0 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f8\fs20\lang3081\langfe3081\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp3081 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 
\additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16\up6 \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \spriority0 footnote reference;}{\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext16 \ssemihidden \spriority0 footnote text;}{\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext17 \spriority0 Chapter;}{\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext18 \spriority0 Body;}{\s19\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f4\fs20\up6\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 \spriority0 Footnote Text1;}{\*\cs20 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \super \sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \spriority0 endnote reference;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7028667}
{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Tim}{\operator Tim}{\creatim\yr2008\mo4\dy15\hr19\min45}{\revtim\yr2008\mo4\dy15\hr19\min45}{\version2}
{\edmins0}{\nofpages46}{\nofwords21598}{\nofchars123111}{\*\company New England Institute of TAFE}{\nofcharsws144421}{\vern32859}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1418\margr1418\margt1418\margb1418\gutter0\ltrsect 
\deftab709\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz0\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1
\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\lytprtmet\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow0
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale120\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\bdrrlswsix\nolnhtadjtbl\nojkernpunct\rsidroot7028667 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\ftnsep \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\sbknone\linex0\headery737\footery737\colsx737\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 The Butterfly Effect
\par Part 2 - The Actuators
\par 0.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 In deep space, no-one can hear you scream.
\par This is true also for shallow space, but here people can see you scream, which is usually good enough. In deep space however, you\rquote re on your own.
\par It\rquote s probably why you\rquote re screaming in the first place.
\par There are some things that don\rquote t really belong in deep space, and there are some that do. You would expect to see the occasional asteroid, perhaps a comet, even a tiny, lumbering spaceship, or more likely, a speck of hydr
ogen, but never an entire solar system.
\par What it was doing way out here was anyone\rquote s guess.
\par You see, this kind of space is meant to be empty (save that occasional speck of hydrogen). It\rquote s not designed to contain anything bigger than an atom, and not many of those. That\rquote s how it got the name \lquote Deep Space\rquote 
. This kind of space isn\rquote t meant to contain lunar bodies, let alone solar systems. And yet\'85
\par These are the shores of reality. This is the border between the true universe and those universettes that contain eve
ry conceivable possibility, every creation and every absence of creation. Strange things wash ashore on the shores of reality, especially after a cosmic storm; concepts mortalised in matter, ideals expressed in morphogenic fields, possibility blurred into
 probability.
\par Here, the waves of reality crash and break on the headlands of deep space, and within the froth and foam, bubbles of something that is not real float to the surface to burst into existence. Amongst the grains of improbability along the beach, 
small creatures come to nest and burrow into the sand, making out their meagre lives feeding on the driftwood that washes against these distant shores.
\par Like the Deep Ocean, there are strange creatures with more eyes than toes, more teeth than brain cells and so many tentacles you can\rquote t tell where one creature starts and another finishes: Lurid things abound here}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 {\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 188 \\f "Symbol" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
\par 1.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 \'93Huhmay gunha get hat sthuff huf?\'94
\par \'93Say what?\'94
\par Big Al pulled the wooly jumper down past his face, finished his yawn and indicated to his acquaintance. \'93I said, how am I going to get that stuff off? It\rquote s like flamin\rquote  molasses.\'94
\par They both look across at the Mack truck, viewing the black liquid stains all over the front. Big Al sniffed, then attempted to rub the mess of his truck. It was sticky and abnormally warm.
\par \'93I wonder what it is,\'94 He commented.
\par His friend, a dark haired woman named Maline stood back a ways as Big Al found aim with his high pressure hot-water cleaner. Some of the strange black stuff came off. Some didn\rquote t. Maline decided that s
he was just filling up space out there, and so she turned and went inside. The gauzed in door clacked behind her. A little black fly bumbled against the window.
\par 
\par \'93Hey, where\rquote s Al?\'94
\par It was a nice room, as nice as that kind of room could be. It had a few pla
nts in the corners, a sickly ergonomic green floor tile and pinky-orange coloured chairs, finished in black plastic and polished chrome. The effect was psychologically interesting, but nobody had noticed.
\par Another woman was typing away at a computer keyboar
d, a telephone handset balanced on her right shoulder. There was Coke machine happily burbling and clacking to itself, a dog outside watering some trees and blatantly ignoring the plastic water filled bottle lying on a lawn, and two people sitting back wa
tching the TV. Oprah was on, talking new weight loss schemes with the stars.
\par \'93Uh, outside cleaning his truck,\'94 Maline replied.
\par Computer keys clacked away.
\par \'93He hit some kinda molasses pit out there on the road,\'94
\par Oprah muted; if only. 
\par \'93A what?\'94
\par \'93Yeah. Some kid\rquote s practical joke, I\rquote d reckon,\'94 Maline scraped one of the strangely coloured chairs across the green tiles. \'93There\rquote s black stuff all over the front.\'94
\par A sign on a wall said \lquote Big Al\rquote s Removals & Haulage\rquote . It had fancy scrollwork and all.
\par \'93Kids these days, huh? It\rquote s that heavy metal music, that\rquote s what. Puttin\rquote  things in their heads.\'94
\par \'93Hey,\'94 Maline countered. \'93I kinda like that stuff too. Drowns out everything else. The world. It\rquote s kinda relaxing, in a funny sorta way.\'94
\par Big Al, of Big Al\rquote s Removals & Haulage 
stomped in, dirty and wet. He thumbed one of the big fat squares on the front of the Coke machine and after a thoughtful second the frolicsome machine crapped out a can. Big Al cranked open the can and dark liquid burst forth in a desperate leap for freed
om, spluttering the now silent giant red and white plastic block.
\par \'93Dumb ass,\'94 Big Al said to the machine. Nothing happened.
\par Up the other end there was a commotion; a strangled voice and a little yap-yapping noise. Instantly, a chihuahua tottered out from un
der some feet and jumped up onto a nearby seat. A pair of hands slapped at the stupid little dog and chucked it way back across the floor. A fat and overdressed buttock pressed down onto the seat, curtly followed by another fat, overdressed buttock. The c
hair let out a sorrowful little whine.
\par From somewhere above this strange obesity there came a voice. A voice that, if harnessed the right way, could take over the world. A voice, that if trapped inside a small Pyrex crucible, could knead and grind away a di
amond into a carbonic powder in no time at all. A voice that was so annoying that it could only belong to a hag. And a fat one at that.
\par So she was a blimp. So she had a chihuahua. So the chair wasn\rquote t designed for industrial use. So the green floor clashed 
with her pink high heels and voluptuous billowing curtains of orange apparel coating her body like warm chocolate icing dripping from an undercooked cake. So Big Al was her step-son.
\par \'93Alistair!\'94
\par Big Al\rquote s head was heard thudding deftly against the inanely jovial Coke machine. If that Coke machine had had the power of speech, it would have said something like \lquote Been nice knowing you, Al. Helluva mum you got there, Al. It\rquote 
s your time, Al. Here, as a token of my farewell, Al, have a Lemon Lift!\rquote  And then the Coke machine would have smiled and that would be that. Or something of the sort.
\par \'93Alistair!\'94 Certain Death called again. \'93I want you to take your Father\rquote s dog and, and, er, just take the darned thing. I don\rquote t know why he\rquote s got it.\'94 Yadda yabba, blah blah blah.
\par Big Al walked past the fat and ugly wildebeest dressed in his step-mothers clothes, picked up the little pop-eyed rat and threw it out the door, to be short company (dinner) for his pit-bull terrier, Mongrel.
\par Which was louder- his step mother, or the terrified puss of yapping Asian burger meat he\rquote d thrown out the door? Before Big Al could answer, the telephone rang and he raced his secretary to answer it.
\par She won, but it was for him anyway.
\par \'93Get her out of here,\'94 he whispered firmly to his secretary and t
ook up the handset. Even as he greeted the handset in his practised response, the wobbling step-monster was harried out the door. The double-glazed door snapped shut in joyous tranquillity.
\par The little black fly still butted the front window, hoping.
\par 
\par Big Al\rquote 
s truck rumbled along the little road. Dust appeared behind the ferrous vehicle, dabbled a while in the air as if it were going to escape into the yonder of blue an interval above, stared vaguely at the white loam on the ground, then decided that it was 
probably a good time to settle down again. Even as it melded back into the familiar comfort of the chalky dirt, more was thrown up as cars and motorbikes whizzed past in disturbing succession. After a while, the dust once again forgot all about the cars a
nd the trucks and the motorbikes, and floated thoughtlessly back to embrace the flat mass that was home. A breeze wafted overhead and a bird ate a grasshopper.
\par Big Al looked across at the girl Maline and didn\rquote t smile. He stared soberly at her for as long as he could before having to regain control of the vehicle and steer it back onto the road. In his mind\rquote 
s eye he saw his memory of the passenger sitting there beside him in her abbreviated clothing- a sleeveless white cotton top, a dark shiny mini, those kne
e-high boots, clouds of dust pouring past the open window, flicks of her dark hair sloshing around in the wind.
\par The truck\rquote s cassette player sang away, Nirvana\rquote s \'93Come as you are\'94 competing with the rumble of the engine, until the engine won by default: the
 tape player spooled out a ream of thin brown plastic. While Big Al was slowing for the corner and thrusting the gear stick this way and that, he was also looking at those extremely red fingernails and the small, soft hand that thrashed his tape player in
to submitting the ruined cassette. Chaos replaced Nirvana as Maline swore and twirled the chewed tape into a ball.
\par She put it in the ashtray. The ashtray was no longer empty.
\par \'93Look away, I wanna get changed into something else,\'94 She said to Big Al. Big Al mumbled something back, and sidled a glance at her.
\par The truck was slowing; red and blue lights swirled through the trees, casting discoloured dimensions between the dank hardness.
\par Big Al\rquote s left eye poked and probed as far as it could without being seen. The
 little jelly mass could view two legs kicking and thrashing away at a black leather miniskirt, trying to dash it from a tangled web on the floor. Maline twiddled and turned as she then pulled up a pair of tight denim pants, covering those raw, narrow thi
ghs, those firm round
\par Big Al landed on the brakes and large rubber wheels ploughed into the wet soil. An airbrake hissed as a little man all dressed in blue jumped out of the way, tripping, twisting, landing softly without effort.
\par The truck stopped. A motorbike whizzed past and a car pulled in behind the truck, two yellow lights flashing.
\par Maline scraped herself from the windscreen, tiny white cotton panties and all.
\par \'93Geez, mate. Scared me half to death.\'94
\par \'93Sorry, Officer-\'94 Big Al, said, stepping from the vehicle. He had turned the engine off already, and flicked the handbrake upwards in an off-hand kind of way. Maline was wandering around the front, doing something on the front of her denim pants.

\par \'93Sergeant, actually,\'94 The man in blue smiled.
\par \'93Oh. Sergeant. It\rquote s these brakes. Having them in for a service soon.\'94
\par \'93Uh huh,\'94 The police sergeant said, nodding, and turned to see Maline. \'93Well.\'94
\par And another voice, this one from behind a car said \'93Chris?\'94
\par Big Al and Maline were escorted over behind the police car. Red and blue lights guided vague reflections over a polished white roof. 
\par There was a pool of black slime on the ground. And a backpack. It was wet. Everything was wet.
\par The other police officer looked up. \'93You been introduced yet?\'94
\par \'93No. I\rquote m Alistair McFarlane,\'94 Big Al introduced himself. He indicated then to Maline \'93And this is Maline Copper.\'94
\par They shook hands with the policemen. One of the policemen introduced himself as Chris Duchovny and the other as Acting Constable Susan Duchovny.
\par \'93Well then,\'94 Acting Constable Susan Duchovny started haltingly. \'93You\rquote ll be wondering why we\rquote ve asked you here. No, I mean, why we pulled you off. No! Over. The sirens and all. You, off the road.\'94 The sergeant coughed politely. 
\'93Sorry. I didn\rquote t mean-. Anyway, the thing is, we understand that you hit something out on this road a few hours back, a large tar-like puddle out on the road.\'94
\par \'93News sure travels quick, huh.\'94 The big truck driver wondered where this was going. When it would get there, and which vaguely damp corners of expression they would explore between now and then.
\par \'93Do you have any idea what it was? Oh,\'94 Susan pointed to the truck. \'93It that it on the front of your truck?\'94
\par The four of them wandered over to the truck and examined closely the black muck that had not washed off. It was abnormally warm to the touch and sticky.
\par \'93So what is it about this stuff that makes you so interested in it?\'94 Maline asked.
\par A new voice answered. \'93We have found it at some other crime scenes.\'94
\par The man wore a grey suit, a white shirt and red tie. His head was balding and his wispy hair white. He wore dark glasses, and had a small gold watch.
\par Maline asked \'93Crime scene?\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m Detective Carter. David Carter,\'94 Big Al shook his hand. It was weak and wrinkled. \'93This is a crime scene, would you believe. T
hree days ago, a man was reported lost around these parts. Yesterday, we found his car. He took that backpack over there and wandered away from his car apparently searching for rare species of butterflies. We found this black smudge this morning and a bac
kpack. It contains a fair number of dead butterflies and some books, and also a small tranquilliser pistol.\'94
\par \'93So. Why did you pull us\'85 over, then?\'94 Maline queried, meeting the eyes of the Acting Constable.
\par The detective turned, pulled a notepad from his jacket pocket and wandered over to where the backpack was found. They all followed him. \'93Because you have seen this black molasses. You ran over it and now it\rquote s all over the front of your truck.
\'94
\par Big Al made sucking noises as he probed his teeth with his tongue. He flicked a piece of chewing gum from the roof of his mouth back to his rear teeth and started to chew slowly. The gum had no taste.
\par \'93Strange as it may seem,\'94 continued Carter. \'93We\rquote ve found this stuff in other crime scenes, all exactly like this one. 
Some years back, a whole range of people disappeared in a hillbilly town up north. About twenty people disappeared from there, all within about a year, including our main suspect. Now people go missing all the time in these back road shanty towns, and mos
tly they turn up having left the country or dead in some city street and the case is solved. Here, like there, we have a man who has just gone out for a walk one day, and that\rquote s it. I doubt we\rquote ll ever hear of this one again.\'94
\par \'93So who was he?\'94 Al asked.
\par \'93I hear you\rquote re into these butterflies too, Mr McFarlane.\'94
\par Big Al shrugged. \'93It was a hobby of mine a few years ago. Before I got into removals.\'94
\par \'93The man who went missing was John Smith, of Smith\rquote s Pharmacy, over in Bournestown. He was a chemist and apparently loved to walk through these parts searching for butterflies and other insects. He\rquote 
s been doing it for years. Two days ago, he never came home and then we found this backpack. It\rquote s his. We believe he was murdered.\'94
\par Maline nudged the black stuff on the ground with her shoe. It stuck to the sole and she had trouble wiping it off on the grass. \'93So what\rquote s this stuff then? Why\rquote s it everywhere?\'94
\par Carter grunted. \'93It\rquote s at the crime scene. As far as we can tell it\rquote s molasses, and for whatever reason, it\rquote s been at every crime scene so far. Every time somebody goes missing, there\rquote 
s a bit of molasses left over, lying in a ditch or something. Whatever the reason, it has to be somehow connected with these disappearances simply because it has been at every scene so far. It could be, you could say, a calling card. Though I wouldn
\rquote t keep it in my pocket.\'94
\par Nobody even smiled, though it had probably been a deft joke.
\par \'93Now it\rquote s on our truck.\'94
\par \'93Yes,\'94 Detective Carter stared. \'93Now it is on your truck.\'94
\par There was a moment\rquote s silence.
\par \'93We\rquote d like you to come down to the station for a little questioning,\'94 smiled Acting Constable Susan Duchovny air-headedly. A firm hand urged Big Al McFarlane and Maline Copper back into their truck.
\par Thunder rumbled in the distance and a black crow cawed anxiously. Maline felt a chill.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 2.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 The radio cackled.
\par The only sound: Darth Vader effects coughing throughout a misty, dank silence. On one wall, a little red light flicked off, a yellow one stammered on. There was a hiss, tunnelled out into a resonatative scream.
\par Flash! A fluorescent tube hiccupped, another stabilised, yet another tinked on, then withered out. Tinked on again, then withered out again. Tinked on, stayed on.
\par Abruptly, the yellow light ended. A green light showed and then steam and oxygen flooded the room. All the fluorescent lights came on, most illuminating the room in their white, purescent ways. Above the door, one bulb remained dark.
\par Fans. Cooling fans. Seducing themselves into an appalling crescendo, pleading in their circular ways for the electricity to be once again reunited in loving harmony with racks and rows of thirsty hardware.
\par A bunch of cords dangled from the ceiling, open ended, dry from power or liquid, the stains of a hundred years of liquid proteins and foodstuffs caked on the floor below, a hard crust of raw dead energy.
\par The computer terminals coughed into life, freeing raging electrons, silencing the cooling fans with wave on wave of beeping, blurting, self tests, parity checks. The room recoiled in fascination as a myriad 
of sub-processes activated, paused and then deactivated again, each in turn.
\par A printer spooled out the remains of paper, dry, crusted, torn, recycled into its strange elements.
\par The doors then opened, closed, opened, closed. One door did not open and a red warning lamp shone beside the door.
\par A small glass panel was cracked, yet stable.
\par Through the damaged door could be seen row apon row of domed cylinders, each crusted in a wet white fog, each frozen in many layers of carbon dioxide. On all except two of these strange cylinders, red lights glared upwards through the dry ice.
\par Of all one thousand and sixteen hypersleep tubes, all bar two of those one thousand and sixteen of the spacecraft\rquote s apparently snoozing crew were a hundred years beyond dead.
\par The hypersleep tubed rumbled open, a cold cloud of carbon dioxide plumed into the air to do battle with the warm oxygen hissing from black, shiny pipes.
\par Somebody- something- coughed.
\par 
\par \'93Nakata-san, please wake up.\'94
\par The computer talked into one of the hypersleep tubes, the synthetic voice barking from a small speaker in the tube itself, as it was simultaneously doing for every other member of the dead crew.
\par The computer was talking to the deceased.
\par Another voice, far off; \'93Attention engineering. Reactor breach, level 4 radiation warning, sector J4 through L9.\'94
\par Dry, withered bodies lay gnarled like dead Shetland Ponies, beyond bloated, bordering on a husk of sleepy imagination, like a splattering of Pollack, twirled by Dali into a plagiarisation of a Da Vinci. Husks of hum
ans lay dead side by side, a new cemetery grieved by an accident.
\par The computer stared down.
\par \'93Nakata-san, please wake up.\'94
\par For every one of the one-thousand and fourteen dead sleepers, the computer barked this command over and over, rigorously pleading that the occupant wake from his or her eternal sleep. None did.
\par For the two humans still alive, the computer greeted them with a flush of fresh oxygen, and the simulated smell of bacon, eggs and baked beans.
\par \'93Good Morning, Nakata-san. Did you enjoy your sleep?\'94
\par The being in the sleep-tube coughed, a sound similar to drinking sand. From deep within buried sockets blue eyes regarded the ceiling.
\par Grey. He remembered grey. It might have been blue, but he couldn't remember what blue was.
\par A radio crackled.
\par The beings\rquote  head had sunk deep into the pillow, so that over the hundred or so years too long, the shape of his body had adjusted to the shape of his environment.
\par He had no arms. He had no legs. He had no real body to speak of. His shape was that of his sleep-tube- a generalised square. He was on life support- a panel beeped steadily, a screen showed a gala of lines, a button glowed orange.
\par Suddenly a face appeared above the computers\rquote  mass, a withered body too hideous to describe, a grin unmasked by decayed, blue-lo
oking lips . The body toppled, balanced, fell into the hypersleep tube with the other victim, a grey barky-looking limb smacking a switch.
\par The sleep-tubes protective housing came down slowly, a hydraulic lever not stopping for the two wooden legs still protruding from the now-white tube.
\par Blood sloshed across the inside of the hypersleep tube, the victim already dead.
\par A white maggot flopped and twirled in the warm, red protein, awash with radiation from the breached reactor, ready to mature into something that was different.
\par The cooling fans whirred ominously.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 3.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 \'93You\rquote re where? Why? What did you-\'94
\par Mrs Elain Binford, secretary at Big Al\rquote s Removals & Haulage sterned into the phone, her finger hovering over a blinking button on her telephone.
\par \'93Uh huh. I see. Do you want me to call anybody?\'94
\par She paused, staring at the urgent little red light. It stopped flashing, slipping back into whatever ether it had arisen from.
\par \'93Oh right. Okay. Uh huh. I\rquote ll see you Monday then. Goodnight.\'94
\par Elain hung up the phone, switched her computer off, packed her handbag and then went home. On the table lay \lquote The Guardian\rquote  newspaper, folded neatly.
\par Thunder suffixed lightning and rain dashed empty plastic bottles down the gutters.
\par 
\par \'93Questioning, huh,\'94 Maline stooped low to try to hide from the rain, failing of course. Al unlocked the truck\rquote s door and helped Maline up to reach the handle. She was warm.
\par He was quite wet when he reached the other side, unlocked the door and lurched into the seat. Maline handed him a towel to sit on.
\par In between cracks and pops, the radio sang country and western music in the weekly hoedown special. It was too loud, too glee, and far too twangy; didn\rquote t suit their mood. Maline turned it off.
\par The truck rumbled to life, and three long windscreen wipers shooed water from the wide glass surface. It was very dark, and the truck\rquote s headlights lit up only a small portion of the road.
\par Gears threw the truck forward, the wheels helping energy transmogrify into motion, rolling along in a pained effort to attain inertia.
\par Maline
 looked over towards Al, out past him towards the dancing electricity, lighting the sky in purple arcs of ozone enriched air. A hammer of sound hit the road, truck, trees. Thor striking his anvil, carving the storm in a series of muscled strokes, sparks f
leeing the might of the smith\rquote s sledge.
\par Maline let her vision grace Al\rquote s outline, momentarily silhouetted by an arc. He had a large face. Al was a large person; that\rquote s how he got the name Big Al. He wasn\rquote t fat in terms of obesity, but in terms of muscle. Hi
s works spewed out his shirts and trousers and neckline. He was hairy and big, and on a dark night might have been mistaken for a bear, if they had bears in this country.
\par Al was thirty-two and he owned his own outfit- Big Al\rquote s Removals & Haulage. It paid the rent and he was happy with it.
\par Herself, Maline, on the other hand, didn\rquote t work for Al. She considered herself. She didn\rquote t work for anybody. Sure, she\rquote d done the rounds- a general labourer working part time, her office in the pub. It paid for the next we
ek, but there was no profits, no goal to work towards. Then they\rquote d given her the social security payments, and what a hell that\rquote d been going through all those bloody forms- pink and red, and in triplicate the yellow and blue. She\rquote 
d had to have ID and all sorts of stuff every time, and of course, she didn\rquote 
t even have a bank account. The banks guzzled her money last time and her miserable life savings had been chewed up in the works somewhere. It was only two hundred dollars, but after those little hidden tax
 payments, and the account fees, then the term fees, and then some other fees, plus the rent for that little weasel. Greasy, slippery rat-faced man, probably a drug-dealer and child pervert. He had those sharp little eyes, dark tint on everything, even hi
s face. They\rquote d found him a day after rent under an industrial waste bin, knifed in the gut, stripped of his cash. Nobody knew anything. Nobody cared about that little weasel.
\par Anyway, Maline\rquote s account had fizzled and disappeared one night when nobody was looking. Her payments stopped because some new bureaucrat introduced some new clause or something. No sweat, time to move on anyway. She\rquote 
d left the city then, backpacking up the coast, doing pub shifts and trolley-pusher jobs to earn bed and breakfast. She\rquote d 
lived in a caravan park one month, even had a visit from her drugged up old mum. They hospitalised her for good after that; died from withdrawal. And Maline took to the roads, up and leaving the van one night just there for anyone.
\par Then she\rquote d met Big Al. One day later, bumming her way along the highway, Big Al had spotted her through the fog and picked her up. Into his truck and into his life.
\par A month ago now. A whole month and she\rquote d not moved on since. Big Al, single, age thirty seven, with paid job, seeking attractive young female for casual relationship. Snared, she\rquote d been.
\par Maline was twenty six and had light blue eyes. Bright blue eyes and dark hair.
\par \'93You going back to the Royal tonight?\'94 Al asked, slipping his way through the gears. The engine groaned as he started up a slight hill. \'93Because my place is on the way.\'94
\par Something stirred deep within Maline. She smiled faintly. \'93Okay. I\rquote ll give you a game of cards before I go home.\'94
\par Big Al kept a careful eye on the road. Don\rquote t want no silly little accidents now, he thought.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 4.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
The X-Nerds and James stared disquietly at the X-Nerds and Amy. In the elevator, Karen fainted, falling across the threshold that was the doorway, keeping the automatic doors from slamming shut. The X-Nerds were watching the X-Nerds, to
o astounded to speak.
\par Then George and Linda bumbled in. \'93You\rquote ll never guess what we just bought!\'94 Then George saw the X-Nerds staring at the elevator. He looked into the elevator and saw the X-Nerds staring out of the elevator. Linda bit her lip.
\par \'93Okay,\'94 George fretted, waving both hands in front of his body. \'93Nobody move.\'94
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 Everybody moved.
\par The elevator doors were trying to close, and they were being very obnoxious, in deference to Karen\rquote s body. In the elevator, Stuart was moaning and coughing as Simon, lim
ping, helped Matthew carry him out. Karen was helped to her feet by Matthew and Errol, and James followed, pausing to push a random elevator button. Old habits die hard.
\par And the other X-Nerds rushed forward to draw Karen from the elevator doors. Stuart nea
rly ran over everybody else to see what had happened to his other self, and was pushed back by Karen, who leapt up to help herself to her feet. Amy had a firm grip on Matthew and Errol, but Simon slipped through to attend to the Stuarts.
\par Put simply, it was pandemonium. Pandemonium on a stick. If you bought pandemonium in a show bag at a regular, perhaps even annual big function, which would usually cost you three times its worth and last you only half its expected lifetime, you\rquote 
d get all the little bells and whistles that go with it but it would amount to diddly-squat against to this pandemonium. This surpassed even the definition of pandemonium.
\par Linda had to sit down and George decided that he might try walking into the room again, just to see if that helped.
\par No. It didn\rquote t.
\par Eventually, however, a silence descended over the room. Everybody was breathing in and out, sitting around staring at themselves staring at themselves. Which in other circumstances would have been extremely difficult. And rather dull.
\par Amy stood and ushered James and the two senile old golfers from the room into her office. She remained, though.
\par \'93Right then,\'94 She started. \'93Why don\rquote t you split up into your original groups and we\rquote ll start at the beginning. And nobody say anything until I-\'94 Amy pointed to her chest. \'93
-tell you that you can speak. This is hard enough as it is. I\rquote m Amy, by the way.\'94
\par Her office door opened and George, a God by profession}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  You couldn\rquote 
t tell unless he switched his Holy Light on. He didn\rquote t keep it on because it was expensive on batteries.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 , was just about to walk out. Amy spun fast, pointing. \'93Get-\'94
 She yelled in an awfully silent voice, and the door slammed shut. \'93-back in there.\'94
\par The unconscious Stuart moaned a little, and soon was floating in and out of sub-consciousness like a cherry blossom floats on a clear Japanese stream in Autumn.
\par \'93You.\'94
\par \'93Who?\'94 Asked the Simon wearing the copper-coloured spacesuit. He was sitting next to his double.
\par \'93You!\'94 Amy was cross, and she was pointing to him. \'93Nobody else speak and you, Simon, will tell us what happened.\'94
\par Simon shifted his body a little on the seat, and pulled at his dusty wet spacesuit. It must have been very uncomfortable. He was obviously experiencing some sort of pain in his leg.
\par \'93Er. Well, just a moment ago we were all running from a man in a castle. There was a war on and somebody was shooting at the castle with bombs. It all started when we left the Lorna Major Academic Academy-\'94
\par \'93You\rquote ve been there? We just left it a few days ago.\'94 the Simon double stated.
\par \'93Shush, you,\'94 Amy husked. \'93Simon?\'94
\par \'93Oh. How odd. They didn\rquote t recognise any of us when we went there. You must have been there
 after us. Oh, anyway, two days ago we materialised upside down just above a mud-brick house and crashed through their roof. There were some people inside and they took us hostage, thinking that we were spies or whatever. Some other people arrived and the
n we were all taken away in a surprise attack by these guys in army greens to a big eerie castle. Stuart escaped and we picked him up just before leaving.\'94
\par Amy looked at him. \'93Then how did he get in this, er, condition. His ankle looks swollen. Is that blood?\'94
\par \'93Let me finish.\'94 He exasperated, watching her.
\par \'93Sorry. It looks like blood.\'94 She pointed out, watching him.
\par \'93Hmmm. Well, when we got to the castle, we were separated from our captors-\'94
\par Karen cut in. \'93Then the people whose house you fell into, were they like guards or something?\'94
\par \'93No. No I think they were rebels or whatever. The good guys. Anyway, we were taken to a dungeon. This place, it was like a medieval castle, except there were electric lights and they all had guns and grenades.
\par \'93Then after a while, we were taken one by one up to see the owner or leader, except Stuart here never showed. He must have run away. The place was a labyrinth of hallways and rooms. I think they were out all night looking for him.
\par \'93Anyway, this guy Luther, he owned and ran 
the place, and he interviewed us all in a group, then separately. We were treated nicely, I suppose. Funny things was, though, that he acted as if he knew us or something. Then last night we broke out of our room and came down a hallway looking for Stuart
, who we hadn\rquote t heard a word on. We found a secret passage which led us to a room full of space stuff. That\rquote 
s where we found the other time machine. And then bombs started going off and Stuart broke through the roof in a shower of water. He must have been t
rapped in a reservoir or something. He fell down and twisted his ankle and we grabbed him and escaped with the castle falling down around us. I think that Luther guy was buried in the remains of the castle.\'94
\par Simon lapsed into silence.
\par \'93Hang on,\'94 edged the other Simon, who sat chewing on the side of one finger in thought. \'93What d\rquote you mean by \lquote the other time machine\rquote ?\'94
\par Matthew answered. \'93It\rquote s downstairs somewhere. We landed in an office down there and since the elevator was the only way out, we got in and pushed a button. The things that\rquote s down there is a hundred years old. It\rquote 
s windscreen is smashed and its all dirty and black. Our time machine crashed through the roof, remember, and something went wrong with it. That one was handy so we took it.\'94
\par \'93Er, Simon,\'94 asked the Simon who\rquote d been resident in the World Design Institute for the past few days. It was difficult addressing yourself like this, he noted. He had the strange urge to call himself \lquote me\rquote . \'93
If you came in one ship and left in another, and we\rquote ve got one here, then-?\'94
\par \'93I was just thinking that myself. I don\rquote t know.\'94
\par Amy told everybody else to settle down and to go through things one step at a time, looking for a clue. Then she asked the Gods and James to re-enter the room. She was rather firm on the poi
nt that they remain silent, however. James had introduced himself to the Gods, not knowing that they were Gods, then had found out that they were Gods, blubbered and mumbled whilst the Gods told him all about fairways and tees and then decided to just shu
t up and tag along with his fingers in his ears.
\par \'93Hang on!\'94 Simon interrupted his double. \'93You were shot? Where?\'94
\par \'93In the house.\'94
\par \'93No, where. Where on your body?\'94
\par Simon showed him.
\par \'93Oh dear,\'94 depreciated Simon. And then he showed his double a similar wound, made by a similar weapon in a similar position. \'93Are you okay?\'94
\par \'93I could use a doctor. And some painkillers,\'94 replied Simon. They both bit their upper lips at the same time, and gave everybody the same look, thinking the same thoughts.
\par The was a long silence. \'93Well,\'94 Errol broke in. \'93I\rquote m hungry. Let\rquote s eat and have a long rest and we can sit around discussing this later on.\'94
\par His double seconded the motion.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 5.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 Big Al had lost again. He threw his cards down on the table in frustration. One fluttered to the rich red carpet, face up. It was the King of Diamonds.
\par \'93Well, fine.\'94
\par Maline smiled.
\par Al got up from the low seat and wandered out of the room. \'93Coffee?\'94
\par \'93Mm, thanks. Black, no sugar.\'94
\par \'93Aah, a real coffee lover.\'94 Al voice sounded from around the door. \'93Look around, if you want.\'94
\par Maline did that. Here was a nice room. She\rquote d never been to Al\rquote s place before. Al was renting a whole house for himself, a three bedroom job with a big bathroom and laundry. There was a garage out the back, but Al owned a truck and not 
a car. It remained empty.
\par Maline wandered over the dark carpet towards the front door, glancing back at the table in the middle, where cards lay hap-hazardly amongst empty glasses and magazines. Here, at her feet, lay the TV\rquote s remote control. She picked it
 up and carried it to a sideboard, where she placed it down carefully. Al\rquote s place was a big mess, but it was nice and warm and homely. It had a certain \lquote lived-in\rquote  feel.
\par Pictures hung along the wall- a couple of family-type snaps, mostly featuring a young Al and his parents. One was of a black and red cattle dog.
\par And one of a dark, round shape, motion-blurred and out-of-focus, above some trees.
\par In the background, a microwave oven squealed its finality.
\par \'93Are you an \lquote oo-foe\rquote  nut?\'94 Maline called to Al.
\par \'93A what?\'94 came the reply.
\par Maline walked over to the kitchen door and looked in. Al was thrashing up some cups near the sink with a faded green dishcloth. The sink itself was a giant pile of white plates and pronged utensils. Steam poured from a pot full of black s
tuff and an opened plastic two litre milk container sat on the yellow laminated benchtops. There were loose linoleum tiles, black and white and a fold-up table, loaded with junk.
\par \'93Are you a UFO fanatic? I saw a picture.\'94
\par \'93Oh, that. I took that photo about, oh, six years ago inland. I was up there fishing with some mates and we all saw this thing flash across the sky. I got a snap.\'94
\par \'93Little green men?\'94 Maline asked.
\par \'93No,\'94 Al said in an authoritative manner. \'93But I firmly believe that UFO\rquote s exist.\'94
\par \'93Oh, of course they do. The Air Force doesn\rquote t exist.\'94
\par Big Al grinned and forced a laugh. Had he heard that one before? Still, he was on a roll here, and he didn\rquote t want to seem dull or arrogant at this stage, save that for later. He poured the coffee into two mugs, a
nd poured milk into his own, leaving the opened container sitting on the bench.
\par Maline received one cup and noted it\rquote s warmth. She smiled vaguely at Al and wandered back out to the living room, to lounge on the sofa, head and feet taking up two of the thre
e partitions on the lovely, soft seat. She sipped from her cup, kicked her shoes from her feet and set the cup down on the floor. Al sat on a nearby seat and placed his cup on the table.
\par \'93Well,\'94 Al introduced.
\par \'93Well what?\'94
\par Al paused a moment before rising from his seat. He picked up his guests\rquote  hot coffee mug from the floor and placed it on the table next to his own. Then he sat down beside Maline, took his own cup and drank a sip, placing it back down afterwards.

\par He put his arm around Maline\rquote s shoulder, turning her head up. \'93Well nothing.\'94 And kissed her on the lips. She conceded.
\par A card fell from the centre table to land purposefully apon the other, face down. It was the Queen of Hearts.
\par 
\par Somebody was at the door.
\par This early, on a Saturday morning, banging away at the wooden strip underneath the doorbell button. The sun couldn\rquote t have been up for two hours yet and already! It was probably a Jesus freak, handing out those silly little free}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  Free as long as you pay the two dollar brokerage fee.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  pamphlets that inevitably become beer coasters or telephone doodle-pads.
\par Al woke to the feeling of warmth stretching an infinity away down the right-hand side of his body. Maline\rquote s face was buried in his right forearm and he could see her firm shape clearly through the sheets.
\par He felt good.
\par Still the knocking, pause, knocking. Birds were tweeting out on the lawn.
\par Al managed to get up, though it took him a long time, and pulled a robe over his naked body. Maline stirred and pulled all the bedclothes over her body, turning away and curling up. A single, sensuous moan.
\par Al opened the door and didn\rquote t speak. He shielded his eyes from the eight am. sunshine and managed to see a familiar face in the door.
\par \'93Big Al,\'94 said the dark shape in front of him. It resolved into a person, somebody holding out his hand in order to shake. \'93Thought you might like to come fishing. C\rquote mon, wakey wakey. Have to get there early.\'94
\par Another section of Al's brain woke up. \'93Rod!\'94 and shook the man\rquote s hand. \'93Wow, how long have you been in town? Here, come in.\'94
\par The man called Rod wandered in and went to sit down. He noticed two white coffee cups, filled almost to the brim with cold coffee. \'93Do you have company? Is your mum visiting again?\'94 Rod grinned.
\par \'93No,\'94 Al said and remained standing. His head toggled from side to side and then grinned and shrugged. \'93You kno
w, Friday night. Anyway, go make yourself a cup of coffee and make me one too. Just take these ones in and nuke them and scrape the cakey bits off. They\rquote ll be right. I\rquote m off to have a shower.\'94
\par Rod turned up his nose as Al walked back towards the bedroom. \'93I think I\rquote ll just put the kettle on.\'94
\par There were cards on the floor and a car drove by outside.
\par 
\par \'93Rod? This is Maline.\'94
\par Rod smiled nicely at the woman in front of him.
\par \'93And Mal, surprise surprise, this is my old friend Rod. Fishing partner from way back when.\'94
\par Maline smiled sleepily at Rod. \'93Mal?\'94 she asked of Al.
\par Al shrugged, grinned. \'93Al and Mal.\'94
\par \'93Sounds a lot like Mike and Mal,\'94 suggested Rod without a trace of humour.
\par Maline grimaced at Rod. \'93Well, Rod. Thanks a lot. We appreciate that, thankyou very much. Hello Mike,\'94 she then said to Al. \'93
Are we going on a great northern adventure this time to see the stunning native wildlife and become one with the beautiful countryside?\'94
\par Al turned Rod away from Maline. He sucked in a deep breath, raised his chin and in no uncertain terms, thanked Rod for setting the days theme.
\par \'93Hey, you\rquote re welcome,\'94 countered Rod, beaming. Things were going just fine.
\par And about an hour later, Maline was seated in the back of a red station wagon stocked with esky\rquote s, fishing tackle, s
melly bait, a tent and some blow-up mattresses, a bag full of clothes and who knows what else. Rod was just getting into the drivers seat and Al had only a moment ago gone back inside to answer the phone.
\par The house door closed and Al was walking down the steps. \'93That was my step-mother. She, the dear old bovine moose, wants to drop in tonight for a visit.\'94
\par \'93What? You can\rquote t come?\'94 Rod distressed.
\par \'93No, just the opposite,\'94 Al sighed. \'93She can\rquote t. Well, she is coming, but we won\rquote t be here, will we? I left her a note on the door, and she\rquote s going up the coast for some reunion thing anyway. I\rquote 
ll probably cop her on her way back home.\'94
\par Rod laughed. He knew the wrath of these visits too. Maline stared out the window, reflecting on many things, her lips smiling but her eyes sad.
\par Across the street, somebody someone would recognise glanced casually at Maline, his weary eyes direct. He nodded, knowing Maline could see him nod, then turned and wandered purposefully away.
\par It frightened her. To her very shielded core.
\par 
\par The road was not busy. It was a dirt road, fairly narrow but wide enough to let two cars pass safely. The road wound down a mountain into a squeaky little valley, green with trees and quaint farms.
\par The valley was small and very long as it existed down the bottom of steep gorge country. Clouds constantly hovered uncertainly overhead and they drove the red car into and out of sunlight.
\par It was half past ten in the morning. They would arrive at their destination, a public reserve down on the river, in just over forty minutes.
\par \'93So I said,\'94 continued Rod, chatting constantly into Al\rquote s ear. \'93You might as well, and what do you know, she bloody-well did. Right over. You know, there goes my twenty bucks. I wasn\rquote t going over that.\'94
\par Al grunted, picturing the event. Jumping from one high-rise rooftop to the next. City life; it must be so incredibly dull that people will resort to doing completely stupid things for some entertainment.
\par \'93Yeah?\'94 was all Al could manage.
\par Maline was asleep in the back, her head rattling against the plastic strip behind the window, a soft pillow fallen down beside her. She was dreaming of another place, another time. A memory was stirring in her, of some people she\rquote 
d once known, or people she thought she\rquote d known. It was all such a blur now.
\par She snapped awake to the sound of bald rubber tyres gliding across an uneven surface, and to the yell of two men who knew what no man should know.
\par Then everything turned upside down and the world became bone-jarring noise and a spinning, twirling nightmare. A balloon of powdered glass echoed through a tight, personal existence.
\par The car narrowly missed a lone black and white cow standing squarely in the middle of the country road, masticating, and arced out over the seventy degree incline of the grassy embankment at a 
speed of roughly eighty kilometers an hour, pausing only to consider the reality of a tree racing gracefully to meet the sky. The green car fell and tumbled down the slope, end over end, until finally resting side on against a pale white tree.
\par Silence descended.
\par 
\par Everything was a blur. A throbbing, painless blur. This was not a part of the nightmare, she knew. This was not how it should be. There were things out there, moving around, and they weren\rquote t meant to be there. It wasn\rquote 
t meant to happen this way.
\par Voices. Voices! Out there, in here. Hands! Hands helping her. The green grass, the blue sky, the glory redness of the back of her eyelids. She was being carried away on the glowing wings of an angel.
\par But everything went away, and the gloom of Silence once again instilled its forgiving arms around her.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 6.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 In the beginning, it was very dark.
\par But before the beginning, before they switched the light out, even before the Great Hamster was reverse engineered into existence by a beautiful but somewhat confused youn
g girl from Earth many billions of years later, very late in the week before it all started, everything was a shambles.
\par Everything was not chaos, however. Think of chaos; those pretty book covers and computer screensaver designs that in their psychedelic w
ays reminisce of spirographs on a huge hit of Sandoz Labs LSD-25. Strange patterns repeating and spiralling away from the eye, baffling perspective on a lurid floating-point battlefield hovering somewhere between the third and second mathematical dimensio
n
. Order rising gloriously from the impossibility of negative probabilities, willing itself into existence through reams of unrelated numbers one on zero decimal places long. A shambles is different to that sort of chaos in that while nobody knew what the 
hell was going on, everything got done somewhat efficiently.
\par Before the beginning, there was grass, and a hell of a lot of it, too. Miles of happily swaying tendrils of chokingly green grass. It grew over the little wavy hills. It grew over the excruciating
ly high mountains. Where appropriate, it grew up through the snow. Who knows, it probably grew on the bright grey cotton wool clouds too. The things was, there was no soil underneath the grass. Soil hadn\rquote t been invented yet.
\par There were two tents. One was not black, the other white. Instead, they were done up like a circus- does red with a light blue pin stripe work? How do those circuses get away with it?
\par They were big tents, more like tall instead of wide. There stood opposing each other and their flaps, as they were engineered to do, flapped in the wind. 
\par It was an interesting scene, there out on a field of grass and nothing else, two kindergarten-painted tents standing flapping madly at each other. A strange caravan-like bubble shape stood of to the side, half hidden by the statutory grass.
\par Inside these tents, however, it was a different story. Take for instance the red (with light blue pinstripe) tent. In there was a very big hole. It was like having two holes, except both in the one hole. It was a really
, really dark; really, really dank; and really, really deep. This place was, on the whole, a big hole. And, to add to the whole hole-ness of the place, something odd, perhaps even holy, was going on down the bottom. Some people were having a party, each w
earing a red stocking over their head and shouting obscenities at each other over loud muzak simply because the shouter knew for a fact that the shoutee couldn\rquote t hear a word they\rquote 
d said, therefore they could say whatever they liked and nobody\rquote d be the wiser. The effect was interesting. Infinitely more interesting down a hole, too. Why was there a shouting party down the hole? Don\rquote t ask. You don\rquote t want to know.

\par In the other tent, a ludicrous shiny yellow and purple check job, steam poured everywhere. Smoke poured after it. Hot mud and a foul yellow lava sloshed after the smoke, only to sink through the trampled green grass, hissing and spitting; Schrodinger
\rquote s cat being put into its box.
\par In this tent, the preparations were being made to create the universe and everything in it. And there were pits of bubbling lava, and a big pot of ethereal-looking grey. It wasn\rquote t grey something. It wasn\rquote 
t even the grey nothing that everybody was used to. It was a cauldron of colour, and all the colours together amount to grey; the lint of the universe. There were other pots and beakers, all bubbling or steaming away madly.
\par One such beaker was bubbling some brown liquid. Out of a smoky nearby mess of lab equipment and high-school science books came a hand. This hand grabbed the beaker, turned down a flame underneath it, and promptly withdrew the beaker and it\rquote 
s contents back through the jungle of Pyrex and into the white, acrid smoke. When it came back, it was a muddy brown colour and around the top third of the liquid was missing. Something gulped, gasped and the hand set the beaker of bleak coffee back on it
\rquote s warming flame.
\par Without warning, a random beaker exploded. Smoke billowed like a fat, orange velvet curtain.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 7.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 A piece of paper had fallen to the floor. It had, as gravity had long before predicted, hit the ground at a speed relative to its mass, which was not great, and such had not left a mark or other visible sign of impact on the floor.
\par The floor was a nice imitation wood grain, polished to the point that if it were to 
be polished any more, the chances would be that the buffing cloth would penetrate the surface of the floor and end up polishing whatever it was that lay underneath the one-piece mirrorative substance- the roof downstairs, probably.
\par Soot and dust lay everyw
here. There was a wet patch. A dull red footprint by the silver elevator door, cut by the gleaming metal doors. A huge ceramic space vehicle was in the middle of the room. The light was on. There was a nice looking desk and some books bound in expensive c
loth. There was a leather chair.
\par Something had changed since the last time the rapidly blinking woman had been in the room. The answer was so obvious too that she had to concentrate very hard to even see just what that change was. Mental notes recalled memo
ries out of their happy short term bunkers and lined them all up neat and straight.
\par Light; check. Desk; check. Chair; check, Spacecraft, uh check? Yes, that was it. This was not her spacecraft. Hers was a green, brick shaped Vlovod Mk. II. And it was company policy that she didn\rquote t park it inside. That was it, sure.
\par Spacecraft.
\par Spacecraft\'85
\par After banging ludicrously on the elevator button, waiting a few nagging milliseconds then repeating the process, the gelatinous doors slid open and the withering female rushed in, pausing only to rap sharply on her supervisor\rquote 
s button. This was not to be tolerated. It was that horrible Remilliard from three down, that\rquote s who it was. He\rquote d given her those looks. The supervisor had to hear about this.
\par The supervisor worked twenty stories up and the elevator was frighteningly slow. Music blithered in her ear.
\par And was that- what was that?- dry blood? on the elevator button?
\par 
\par The elevator stopped when the lights read 39. Her supervisor was on 40, but the elevator wasn\rquote t going that high. Not yet. Somebody had pushed the button; the doors slid open.
\par Turmoil was the word that sprang into the mind of the woman in the elevator. Oddly enough, so did the sentence \lquote My dog, the lawn ornament\rquote . She recognised one person in there, that Emma or Bambi who\rquote 
d been working here for years. She remembered seeing her at last years office party, sitting there gazing out the window.
\par Was her name Susie? No.
\par The rest of the people were unknown to the woman. An elderly couple, wearing ghastly clothing, were
 waiting at the elevator doors. The old man was smiling like an idiot, the woman looked slightly worried. The man had his foot in the doors to stop them from closing, but neither he nor the woman even looked like stepping into the elevator. They were just
 standing there.
\par \'93Will you get your foot out of the door you silly old man?\'94 she shouted, enraged.
\par \'93No. It\rquote s stuck.\'94
\par The woman in the elevator looked down. She could see his shoelace. Half of it was in his shoe still, the other half had disappeared down into the workings of the elevator.
\par \'93This is not very comfortable, you know.\'94 George said to the woman.
\par Amy had come over, smiling. \'93Yes, can I help you?\'94
\par \'93This old geezer has got his foot stuck in the elevator,\'94 She motioned to George. Linda was down on her hands and knees peering down the elevator shaft, looking for the tangled shoelace in the works. \'93And I have to get up to see the man upstairs.
\'94
\par \'93Are you having breakdown?\'94 George asked her, thinking about another man upstairs. \'93I mean, wouldn\rquote t there be a woman upstairs for you?\'94
\par The woman from the elevator spun around. \'93No! I mean, I need to see somebody upstairs. Mr Bigge, the wing manager!\'94
\par \'93But there isn\rquote t any stairs. There\rquote s only the elevator. There\rquote s stairs in the lobby.\'94
\par \'93What are you talking about?\'94 The woman almost struck the god in frustration.
\par \'93Shut up you old fool,\'94 Linda was saying. \'93Move you foot.\'94
\par \'93Who are you?\'94 Amy asked the woman. James was walking towards the Gods. \'93Do you have an appointment to see Mr Bigge?\'94
\par \'93I can\rquote t. It\rquote s stuck. That\rquote s the problem.\'94 George sighed.
\par \'93I\rquote m from downstairs-\'94
\par \'93There\rquote s some other stairs down just out that door.\'94 George cut in, pointing to the side door. Trying to be helpful again.
\par \'93- on level twenty. Somebody parked their spaceship in my-\'94
\par \'93Spaceship?\'94 one of the Stuart\rquote s asked. \'93Big white one?\'94 He and his double limped over to Amy and the new person.
\par \'93- room.\'94 The new girl looked at the Stuart not wearing the copper-coloured suit. \'93Is it yours?\'94
\par \'93No it\rquote s his.\'94 Stuart said, pointing to his right, where Stuart stood. \'93Mine\rquote s in a space dock someplace.\'94
\par \'93What\rquote s wrong?\'94 James asked of God.
\par \'93My foot is stuck,\'94 God replied, as if it was totally obvious. It was totally obvious; James was just stupid.
\par The new woman looked at Simon, then looked at Simon, and then looked back at Simon. \'93Are you two identical twins?\'94
\par \'93No, actually we\rquote re the same people. Just from different dimensions, that\rquote s all. I suggest you disregard that if you talk to us, though. We have different histories.\'94
\par The woman looked around the room then, seeing
 that nearly everybody else not already around the elevator had a double somewhere. He could see that some of them were wearing copper coloured space suits (old ones, she thought), and some looked hurt. Two people, a boy and girl, were holding hands, atte
nding their doubles, lying on the ground with their eyes shut.
\par \'93Somebody call the paramedics,\'94 A Karen said, and the dusty Simon groaned. His wound was festering.
\par \'93Is it just me or is there something strange happening in here?\'94 she asked Amy, hand on her chin, scratching something that didn\rquote t appear to be there.
\par \'93It all seems fine to me,\'94 Amy didn\rquote t even smile. It was an effort. \'93The spaceship is his.\'94 she said pointing at the Simon who was now attempting to remove the wet spacesuit. It was squeaking and stretching, but didn\rquote 
t want to come off. \'93I\rquote m Amy, by the way.\'94
\par \'93Yes. Yes, I remember you from a party one time. I thought your name was Elly.\'94
\par \'93No, it\rquote s Amy.\'94
\par \'93I was told it was Elly. At a party, a year ago. I don\rquote t think you were there. Elly was, though.\'94
\par \'93Oh. I\rquote ve only been to one. The other one I had a broken wrist and couldn\rquote t make it. Took a nasty fall down the stairs in the lobby. They have spherical steps so you don\rquote t hurt yourself if you fall down them, which you do.\'94

\par \'93Well. That was the one then.\'94 She extended her right arm regretfully. \'93I\rquote m, uh, Bob.\'94
\par \'93Bob?\'94 Simon asked.
\par \'93See,\'94 Linda was pointing at George\rquote s shoe for James. \'93It\rquote s gone down there.\'94
\par \'93Can you get some scissors?\'94 James pondered.
\par \'93My damned parents,\'94 Bob told Simon. \'93They called me Bob. All the other people my age are called Jade or Pemry or Lija or other normal names, and I get \lquote Bob\rquote . You'd think it's short for Bobby or even Robby, but no, I'm just-\'94

\par \'93It\rquote s a cruel universe out there.\'94 the other Simon patted her on the back.
\par \'93What would you know? I\rquote m the one that has to live with it.\'94
\par \'93Would you like some tea?\'94 Amy asked.
\par \'93I\rquote d like that spaceship removed.\'94
\par James was pulling at Georges shoe, trying to get his foot out of it.
\par \'93It\rquote s no use,\'94 Linda said. \'93He hasn\rquote t had that thing off for millennia. The smell is holding it on, I think.\'94
\par \'93You aren\rquote t going to chop that shoelace!\'94 George tried jerking his foot away.
\par \'93Here,\'94 Amy was guiding Bob to a chair. \'93Sit down here.\'94
\par \'93There\rquote s broken ceramic on the floor.\'94 Crunch.
\par \'93There, there. Just have a little rest.\'94
\par \'93What floor are you on?\'94 Simon, the one in the spacesuit, as his double helped pull him out of it, asked. His leg definitely was festering. Continuing, he mumbled \'93I mean, I don\rquote 
t know where that damned ship is. Can somebody please call the wretched parame-\'94 and fainted.
\par \'93Twenty,\'94 Said Bob, and put her head between her hands, obviously frustrated beyond belief.
\par Simon came put of the spacesuit with a definite suction-pop. He fell backwards, onto the broken ceramic, on his back. Crunch again. No matter; he was unconscious.
\par \'93Do you suppose he wanted us to call some parameters?\'94 Karen asked Stuart. \'93Thirteen left! Two degrees! X is always equal to, less than or greater than the sum of it\rquote s sides!\'94
\par Amy was turning a kettle on, getting a handful of cups ready. She made the mistake of asking the room\rquote s general populace if they would like tea or coffee. She didn\rquote t have ten cups. She needed fifteen.
\par Karen, the one in the space suit, had woken up. She looked a little blurry eyed, but came over to the other Si
mon, asked him could he help her get out of the space suit, and then helped him brush the bits of ceramic out of his doubles back. Presumably somebody was calling the paramedics.
\par Simon pulled Karen\rquote s suit. Karen squirmed and wriggled and pulled and tugged. The suit slid half way off, pulling her shirt most of the way up her chest. Her skin was fairly white; wet, dirty. Pretty interesting too, thought Simon. \'93
Nice belly button you\rquote ve got yourself, there.\'94
\par \'93Oofhg!\'94 She was saying, the voice muffled by the strong suit. Her arms thrashed around as she tried to pull the shirt back down, without much luck. She ended up on the ground. \'93Ghet ths fghing ff mef!\'94
\par \'93What?\'94 Simon was laughing. \'93I mean, Whaf?\'94
\par Karen found her own way out of the suit; pulled the shirt down indignantly, as Simon found his way over to the wall, where he sat. She made her way over to him, sat close beside him, looked angry.
\par \'93What\rquote s the matter, Karen?\'94
\par \'93What\rquote s the matter, Karen?\'94 She mimicked Simon\rquote s silly voice. \'93I need a shower. And thank you for all that help getting me out of that bloody thing.\'94
\par \'93You have a nice chest, you know?\'94 Simon grinned at the girl at slyly as he could manage. Mouth smile; no eyes.
\par Karen went a little red, fought it back. \'93Last you\rquote re going to see of it, I can guarantee. Amy, is there a shower and bathroom anywhere around this place?\'94
\par Amy left the kettle, motioned for Karen to follow her. The other Karen left Stuart, walking along beside herself and Amy, chatting. They left the room just as the kettle started to whine.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 8.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par The cycle screamed up at him; he could feel the bike twist and sway beneath him as he pulled back on the handlebars and let the throttle slip a little. He'd hit the red line, twelve thousand revs too many, the corner coming at him like a falling spac
e station. He eased the brake on, but it was too late. He hit the cement wall doing two-hundred and forty three miles per hour. The slide along the bitumen ground him into a red bloody mash.
\par Another bike screamed past, made the turn, hooned away, before everything went black.
\par The words 'Game Over' passed over the screen in gouroud shaded three-dimensional Gothic styled characters. The hydraulic motorcycle went silent.
\par So silent, in fact, they all the passers by could clearly hear the most foul string of wor
ds flowing from the mouth of the man riding the bike. He was describing, in quite intense graphic detail, what he would do to both the machine and the all the other machines around it if that ever happened again. Strangely enough, the video game completel
y ignored him and promptly displayed the crash in loving slow-motion replay, from a variety of angles. 
\par The angry man kicked the machine, but it refused to give in. He swore at it. It showed a close up of his virtual body being run over by a passing bike. H
e cursed the machine, it ran the crash backwards. He threatened to pour his Coke over the machines circuits, the computer ran a short scene where the newly-dead virtual body was picked up by an ambulance, put it the back, where suddenly it exploded, the v
irtual body thrown high into the air, where it struck a passing helicopter. Graphically.
\par When the man did pour his Coke down the machine, he was removed from the shop. Silently, the machine laughed and had the insight to burn that particular crash scene int
o its memory chips, just in case the guy ever came back. A second later, the Coke had infiltrated the machine enough to get on some of the empowered circuits, thus fusing them. Oddly enough, the only part affected by this act was the computers memory circ
uits, which were instantly erased. The computer cursed to itself, but suddenly couldn't remember why, and so forgot the whole incident and continued on happily.
\par Meanwhile outside the shop, many things were happening. The man had seen another person stare so
lemnly at him, nod once, turn and walk away. This did not worry him as this was the city and those sorts of people were everywhere. In the act of noticing this second person, he failed to see the vehicle.
\par He noticed it was very noisy in the ambulance, and 
for an unknown reason, it seemed to be speeding away from the direction which he thought the hospital to be in. He looked up, but the faces above him were indistinct, as if very far away. In their eyes he could see infinity. He was frightened, and in his 
efforts to get up off the stretcher, he noticed one other body in the ambulance; a woman, badly cut.
\par The mask came down over his face, seemingly from nowhere. He smelled the pleasant odour of nitrous oxide, and his eyes rolled back in their sockets. He was away of helping hands around him, supporting his broken body.
\par Sirens screamed.
\par 
\par He saw a lot of things that in other circumstances would have sent him way past insanity. He hadn\rquote t been hit on the head but he still saw stars. He saw planets.
\par But the nitrous oxide; he didn\rquote t care.
\par The last thing he remembered seeing was a whole lot of grass.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 9.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par The woman said \'93Oh this is repugnant.\'94
\par \'93Repugnant,\'94 mused the bearded man beside her. \'93Odd word. Nauseating springs to my mind.\'94
\par \'93That\rquote s not where it springs for me.\'94
\par The man regarded this comment stoically. Smacking his lips, he stated \'93Now, that\rquote s repugnant.\'94
\par Like an unfelt wind the hiss of air poured out of a thousand tiny cooling fans.
\par Grey. The remnants of this ship were that achromaticity. Apart from the occasio
nal mercury lamp, multicolour LED or even a fuzzy screen, the ship was dark and unpleasant. The air felt heavy, as if it had the texture of felt. There was a window looking out into space; occasional dots of paint sprayed from a wet toothbrush. Bunches of
 cables, fatter than a baby\rquote s arm hung splayed from the ruined walls and ceiling. White fungus lurched from under a blackened door.
\par In the forward room a thousand skeletons lay in their frozen tombs; a thousand more scattered about the room.
\par When the woman 
stepped on the remains of a hand, burnished with time, it made a sickening crunching sound. A finger, one with the vague remnants of flesh still clinging desperately to the dead bone, snapped off and lay upright in its slightly curled position.
\par \'93Simon!\'94 th
e woman shrieked, desperately retreating from the sight. Desperate eyes stared up from their intertwined existence, deep within a corroded skull, a pale green exterior of velvet fungi. A ghosted voice croaked up from somewhere below the body, words unknow
n.
\par Simon caught the woman as she doubled over, half tripping on an unseen jawbone.
\par \'93I thought it was Stuart. It reminded me of Stuart.\'94
\par Simon looked down at her figure, now three or so years his senior. He wore a serious expression; almost his only mask. Turning the woman from the ugly sight, he spoke gently, easingly to her. \'93You cared a lot about him, didn\rquote t you Karen?\'94

\par Her eyes flashed up without delay. Her voice was uncommonly stern. \'93Of course. Of course I cared about him. You remember, don\rquote t you?\'94
\par \'93No. I mean, it wasn\rquote t me. I\rquote ve been alone for ten years, Karen. God, it\rquote s so strange to see you now. Such a cruel joke, in which there is no humour,\'94 His eyes were so dull. Devoid. \'93You know I\rquote 
ve been searching for you, any of you. Any of the others. Even though there are a million or more of us now, since the Nova, it has taken me these ten years to find even you.\'94
\par \'93Yes, I know.\'94
\par Simon took Karen by the shoulders, straightened her face to his and said \'93He\rquote s gone, you know. The chances of you finding him, or any of him for that matter, is almost non existent.\'94
\par \'93There\rquote s always hope.\'94 Karen\rquote s brown eyes became unfocused, her breathing audible.
\par \'93Had I known that ten years ago, I may still remember how to smile.\'94
\par There was a bleak, silent moment.
\par \'93I wonder where they all are now.\'94 Karen\rquote s voice was a whisper as she stared around the dead room. \'93The others, I mean.\'94
\par \'93Who\rquote s to know?\'94 Simon shrugged. \'93 I mean, look at us. You are older than me. A day has passed here. Any number of years may have passed everywhere else.\'94
\par \'93Damn the machine.\'94
\par Simon regarded her, walking her slowly back to the craft. He had his left arm around her shoulders, his face remaining, as always, impassive. \'93Oh yes. Yes, damn the machine. Damn the damned machine!\'94 On the heel of his foot he spun, h
is voice angry. Karen\rquote s eyes widened, her lower lip began to tremble. \'93Don\rquote t grieve over the past. You can\rquote 
t change how things are, how things were. You can go back and try but it never works, things always end up different. Another choice is made and you know what that does to things.\'94
\par \'93What is your problem, Simon?\'94 Karen struck, her voice as stern as the mans, yet calmer than the heart of a black hole.
\par \'93The same as yours. I\rquote m lost, the people I came here with are dead, or as good as.\'94
\par \'93That\rquote s not true.\'94
\par \'93It may as well be. I may as well be. Ten years I have been as much alone as in company with others. In ten years time, you\rquote ll be the same too.\'94
\par \'93No,\'94 Karen\rquote s voice was cold. \'93You\rquote re wrong. I won\rquote t be alone, or as heartless as you are now. I remember how you were. You weren\rquote t so different. Things don\rquote t change. You never changed anything.\'94
\par Simon was hardly listening. Karen regarded his ice, decided that arguing wasn\rquote t the answer. She turned away from him, walked back towards the ship, momentarily pausing to k
ick the frozen grin of a skull from her path. It clattered against something metal.
\par 
\par \'93What did you mean?\'94 Simon raised his voice so it would carry into the small spaceship. He stood alone in the dark, empty dock. He was wearing a long navy blue overcoat wh
ich flapped around his ankles. Some distant lightsource behind him illuminated the white fog that splayed around him. He stood his ground firmly. Though he couldn\rquote 
t see her through the yellow glass, he knew Karen was watching him from somewhere. He stared.
\par The absence of sound he knew he would face came.
\par He stood his ground, held his pose, hands held stiffly in those deep pockets. Stared to where he thought Karen would be. Two long minutes passed.
\par \'93Are you coming?\'94 Karen\rquote s voice said from right behind him. He felt her hands crest his shoulders soothingly. They were the hands of a thirty year old.
\par For a moment, he didn\rquote t move. Then he grunted a little, moved off into the ship, knowing Karen would sometime follow.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 10.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par \'93Hello? Hello? Everybody!\'94
\par Simon had jus
t been taken away by a somewhat confused-looking pair of ambulance officers. They wheeled him away on a white stretcher and left Amy with written directions on how to get the hospital, and where she could stick the dialysis machine. It had all started so 
well. They\rquote 
d come in nice and smiled at everybody peacefully, as if to say that everything was in order and under control. But at the point when approached by Simon, Stuart and Stuart, followed by Matthew, Errol, Errol and Matthew, all asking different ques
tions at the same time, pointing at another Simon, order and control had taken a flying leap. The ambulance officers would have shrugged it off if Karen and Karen hadn\rquote 
t bumbled in and smashed into the dialysis machine. Amy had told them that she hadn\rquote t or
dered the dialysis machine the officers had brought in, that her kidneys were doing a smacking good job as they were. The ambulance officers had both stated that they had very specific instructions as to the place and time of the delivery, only then to di
s
cover that the work order suggested floor 93, not floor 39.  Naturally, they did not relate this oversight to anybody. Soon they found out that there was a gunshot casualty available, one without ambulance cover, and snapped him up, going at once into pro
fessional mode. They parked the dialysis machine next to the elevator, popped Simon onto a stretcher and were soon gone.
\par The place was still in an uproarious mood. People dashed one way, followed by their doubles. Other people dashed the other way, carrying cups of coffee. In then middle stood a confused woman, silent.
\par Amy had to settle them all down again.
\par So she did it the easy way. She screamed.
\par A peice of fern leaf fluttered to the floor. Everybody heard it touch down. It made a soft flopping sound.
\par \'93We have to figure out what to do now,\'94 said Amy, smiling kindly.
\par There came an almightily crash from Amy\rquote s office, followed by the gentle tinkle of glass. Considering the past couple of hours, this was nothing unusual, and Amy ignored the interruption, eager 
to maintain these dear, dear moments of peace. Bob sat in the corner, paging aimlessly through a brochure entitled \lquote Pangalactic Holidays you\rquote ll want to avoid\rquote , looking vaguely distracted.
\par Amy continued. \'93I mean, you all can\rquote t stay here. None of you can stay here. I don\rquote t think that would work. I don\rquote t think you should all leave as one big bunch, either. One lot of you is bad enough.\'94
 This got an exuberant laugh from the X-Nerds, both of them. \'93So, once you\rquote ve all figured out what to do, do it. I have work to do, you know.\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s the figuring that\rquote s go me,\'94 Simon 1 said. Stuart 2 nodded.
\par From Amy\rquote s office next door, an aged voice said something, and the doorknob fell off. Then the door was opened and Amy, without turning, used her emphatic screaming method of inducing silence once more. A man stood in the doorway.
\par His eyes panned the room professionally, like a TV cameraman watching a car go by. He saw a lot of things we would rather have not seen. He saw some faces from the distant past, and two faces he found excruciatingly familiar.
\par He gasped without realising it. He punctually stated \'93Oh my dog.\'94
\par After a moments silence, Bob, from the corner, said \'93This is getting complicated. Will somebody please tell me what is going on here?\'94
\par Nobody could.
\par 
\par Stuart had aged. He was now nearly thirty. He sat talking about himself while the others X-Nerds sat in mute silence. He had just told them about Simon\rquote s disappearance, roughly a year before the present.
\par \'93Some time ago, probably a month or so back, I was separated from
 Karen. She, Simon and I had travelled for ten years or so, after the other two disappeared. We never saw another one of us in all that time. Now, after we separate, I get this. Ten of you, and a few freeloaders.\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m not a freeloader. I work here,\'94 Said Amy.
\par \'93You work here? I think I remember you. Aren\rquote t you that girl we found on prehistoric Earth?\'94 Amy nodded, smiled. Stuart smiled back at her. Normally he had to look up his own name. For some reason, he had never forgotten Amy\rquote s. \'93
Well there you go. How did you end up here? Any where is \lquote here\rquote  anyway?\'94
\par \'93Lorna Minor World Design Institute.\'94
\par \'93Oh yeah, really?\'94 Stuart said, nodding. \'93The place where they make the planets. I\rquote ll have to have a look around this place one day. Always been meaning to.\'94
\par Amy made the new introductions and then went about describing how everybody had arrived at the location. The old Stuart held his eyes low while he thought, and rubbed at the thin whiskers upon his chin. He could not remember James when re-introduced.

\par When he spoke, everybody listened. Stuart had acquired a voice to be heard, and the wisdom in his eyes demanded attention.
\par \'93We need to sit down and plan this out carefully,\'94 He said, sitting by the door. He noticed George and Linda, fiddling with something deep within the works of the elevator.
\par \'93Just what I said,\'94 Amy murmured.
\par \'93Well it\rquote s a good idea. Apparently you have all been bumming your way around the universe, not really achieving anything. One lot of you found this James character here, the other lot went and picked up these two humans here,\'94
 Stuart indicated the so-called gods fussing over a shoe. He looked at Bob. \'93And how you got mixed up in all this is beyond me.\'94
\par \'93Oh I\rquote m not mixed up in any of this,\'94 Bob brightened up a little at the chance to speak. \'93It all started when they parked their spaceship in my-\'94
\par One of the Karen\rquote s interrupted. \'93What did you mean by saying the gods were human?\'94
\par Stuart looked genuinely surprised. \'93They\rquote re human, pretty much like you and me. Didn\rquote t you know that?\'94
\par All of the X-Nerds and James shook their heads. Linda was glaring not unkindly at the old Stuart. Apparently, this was new to her too. George was being George and wasn\rquote 
t listening. His shoe had his full attention. That is to say, the shoe had the shreds of attention normally attained by George.
\par It was obvious to George that the elevator problem was more than it seemed. Somehow his shoelace had become entangled in some fundamental part of the works and not only resisted the attempts to dislodge it, but used these attempts to fur
ther complicate the matter. Now, half the shoe had fallen into the crevice between the elevator and the floor, though there didn\rquote 
t appear to be enough room between the objects to allow such an action to have occurred. Thus the problem was this: The shoe had fallen into a place where all reason said it couldn\rquote 
t have fallen. The space in which the shoe was stuck was smaller than the size of the shoe. Logic was out the window and down the road on this one}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 
\chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  Logic had in fact decided it was about time to go and look up a certain yellow fish designed to be put in one\rquote s ear.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 .
\par George began to notice the fetid sock smell, and gave the shoe an unapproving tug.
\par Some dark and misplaced part of his mind recognised somebody talking but wasn\rquote t on speaking terms with the memory department, and thus forgot to mention it to the rest.
\par Stuart couldn\rquote t believe it. \'93You mean you actually thought you were a god?\'94 He asked of Linda.
\par \'93Well, yes. I mean, as far back as I can remember.\'94 Linda\rquote s face knotted in concentration. \'93I mean, the things I can do, other people I know, except the others gods, of course, can\rquote t.\'94
\par \'93How far back can you remember?\'94 Stuart asked, obviously concentrating on something else.
\par \'93Well,\'94 Linda started, but stopped when Stuart vanished. \'93Oh.\'94
\par There was a moment where everybody adjusted to the change. Then there was a silence.
\par \'93I\rquote ve just got the knack,\'94 Said Stuart, stepping over George and out of the elevator. Twenty eight eyes followed him as he moved back to the place where he had stood only a twin second before.
\par \'93How-\'94
\par \'93Parlour tricks. Spend a couple of years in company with some of the Universes finest minds and you pick up a few things.\'94
\par James then said \'93Start from the start. Tell us everything. I\rquote m sick of doing nothing.\'94
\par \'93Get used to it. Do we have any coffee?\'94
\par On impulse, both the other Stuart\rquote s passed what little coffee remained in their mugs, about an inch, black, cold. The thirty year old Stuart regarded the hazy muck in the mugs, mixed them together and took it in one mouthful. He\rquote 
d learned over the years to get what he could, because mugs of coffee, no matter what state, were few and far-between. \'93Thank me,\'94 He grinned, and sat down next to the two Karens. He held the hand of the Karen to his right, who didn\rquote 
t object, now having a Stuart on either side, doing the same thing, with that same faint grin.
\par 
\par \'93The beginning. I guess you\rquote ve figured out when we split apart. The big supernova. It was my fault, I seem to recall. If I hadn\rquote t waited for the nova\rquote s energy, then I think the apparent multi-dimensioning wouldn\rquote 
t have happened. Still, it did, it has, and you can\rquote t go back and change it. That, for some reason, never works. It always ends up different to what you expect. Guess it makes sense, really. There\rquote 
s only one way to change it for good, but I haven\rquote t worked out what it is yet.
\par \'93Anyway, the way I have it figured, our original instructions from the end of the city are all obsolete now because the celestial city can\rquote 
t really exist anymore. When we all left that first time, I think the celestial city and everybody in it disappeared the instant we re-entered the universe because no matter what you think, I feel we have ju
st about messed up everything there is to mess up, and in just about every dimension possible. I don\rquote t see how the Celestial City could be in the same state now.\'94
\par A Matthew said, \'93But how was it there in the first place? Apparently it got there just fine before we went back in time, which means we did something right and didn\rquote t blow it up or whatever.\'94
\par \'93The mash mish,\'94 Stuart grimaced. \'93Remember that, oh, what was his name? The fellow who wrote the Hitch Hikers Guide book.\'94
\par \'93Adam Douglas.\'94 Someone said.
\par Someone else corrected her. \'93No, you idiot, it was Douglas somebody. Smith. Adam Douglas wrote The Galactic Hitch Hikers guide to Cuba.\'94
\par Stuart smiled. \'93That\rquote s right. I always forget his name for some reason. Anyway, in the Guide, do you remember the principal behind the general mash mish?\'94
\par \'93Mish mash. That everything effects everything else, in both directions of what we call time? You wouldn\rquote t think potatoes are capable of it, would you. You have your own universe, and everybody else has theirs. Something like that. I haven
\rquote t finished reading it yet.\'94
\par \'93Yes. You know that Time is relative to an objects movement in space as perceived by another object. Space is relative to a path\rquote s passage through time. Well, everything happened once, and what we experience is just the aftermath\'94
\par Errol looked up and said \'93That\rquote s an interesting way of putting it. Brings up some interesting points, though, like multiple dimensions.\'94
\par \'93Well, the point is this. There is actually only one real universe, one Lorna Major and one Lorna Minor outside the universe, and the Celestial City and that other fractal room, whatever the hell that is, and that\rquote 
s it. And the Antiverse, of course. There is, or was a Lorna Major in the universe as well, but that can be explained fairly easily and I\rquote ll 
get to it. But the interesting thing I have found is that there is also only one Lorna Major outside, and all the other things I mentioned for all the infinity of dimensions. Because they exist outside the universe, they are excluded from the laws that ap
ply inside the universe. Those laws are basically the old choice equals another universe type rules, and, interestingly enough, the word created the object. Note the tense.\'94
\par Stuart felt a compulsion to change his posture slightly, taking on a faint lecturer pose. It became him. If only he had the doodly little black square hat with the yellow frilly string. Still, hat or no hat, need compelled him to continue. \'93
There are places in the universe that exist simply to cater for all the possible objects people can name. They must pop into existence the instant somebody conceptualises it. I mean, there always there, everything exists, but it doesn\rquote 
t become apparent until somebody conceptualises it and puts a name to it. It is a very obscure phenomenon and leads to 
some interesting places and things in the universe. Did you know a frog with purple wings is called a Nefr? Somebody thought a frog with wings would be a good idea and named it. Suddenly, there it was, and more to the point, everybody suddenly knew what a
 Nefr was.
\par \'93Everyone knows what a Nefr is,\'94 said Bob, who wasn\rquote t really listening.
\par \'93With the dimension thing, although there is only one universe, there are an infinite number of dimensions included, and each one can and does affect the others. It\rquote s all ver
y confusing and easier to think of everything relative to yourself. Just keep the image of yourself being the absolute centre of the universe and you\rquote ll go just fine.
\par \'93That Adams fellow in all probability got it right in the Guide. His idea that the univer
se happened and no matter what went on while it was happening, it still had the same start and the same finish. Strange how he had so much vision, without actually realising that it actually existed. You know, it\rquote 
s quite possible that whoever thought that time and dimensions were related in this way and named the concept, actually invented multiple dimensions.\'94 He dropped the lecturer pose because it hurt his back. He went back to his boring old self.
\par \'93There is one interesting quirk, though. The Great Hamster, wherever He may be, is said to have founded the Universe, but he came into existence after the Universe had been created, as if he created it so it could create him. I don\rquote 
t like multiple dimension problems. I\rquote m so glad our maths teachers back home never gave us four dimensional equations.\'94
\par \'93You remember maths classes after all this time?\'94 Errol asked, while his double hummed a tuneless ditty.
\par \'93Oh yes. Nothing will make me forget Maths. It left a scar cauterised on my brain. If we\rquote d done four dimensional quadratics, I think that scar would be more like a gouge, possibly a canyon.\'94
\par Amy finished her cup of water and looked at the old Stuart, seeing a little of the boy she once saw on a faraway planet, many aeons into the past (or maybe the future). Suddenly all the memories returned. She brightened visibly. \'93
I think I might lay a hand of help in this one. You remember when you left earth that first time, when we first met?\'94
\par \'93Not really,\'94 Replied the old Stuart, but the other two younger Stuarts both nodded.
\par Amy put her cup down, and started to pace the room slowly. \'93Well, I remember now. You said goodbye, and then tried to say something in the old language. I don\rquote 
t know what you would have said, but I clearly remember you saying that the Universe was created by a Hamster made of cheese. It\rquote 
s funny how much you could say in the old language. Anyway, I guess I needed something to believe in at that time, not knowing about gods or other concepts at the time, especially after Wolf disappeared, and I started to be
lieve that the Universe was created by a Giant Hamster. I told everybody.\'94
\par \'93I remember now,\'94 said the young Stuart holding Karen\rquote s hand. He looked at his double, his triple, then at Amy. \'93I was trying to tell you that I had to go and I\rquote d probably never see you again and a few other things.\'94
 Stuart then looked up at his older self knowingly.
\par \'93Do you know what this means?\'94 Stuart\rquote s older incarnation asked Amy. Without waiting for an answer, he ploughed on. \'93You, as a direct error made by Stuart, uh, I mean me
, created the Giant Hamster, who then went on to create the Universe, thus allowing you to exist. There\rquote s a paradox, for you. Why do I always get the big mistakes?\'94
\par Amy smiled in spite of herself. Well, she thought, if it\rquote s the only thing I ever do that\rquote s 
worthwhile, then I am happy with it. Imagine, mothering the idea, thus the object, of the being that created the Universe. Of course, not physically mothering the object. A human giving birth to a rodent is not probable and also not a great conversation s
tarter. Oh by the way, Janice, I gave birth to a cheese hamster last Sunday, and he\rquote s a three pound blue. It just doesn\rquote t work.
\par Many hours were lost to the topics of multiple dimension, movement of time through space, matter and anti-matter and a whole asso
rtment of general theories or other equally unprovable ideas often presented in such times (including the whole science is art and art is science debacle). James was quickly asleep, and Bob had long since disappeared. Linda and George never recovered the 
shoe, and the elevator remained stuck, doors wide open, infiltrating the air with \lquote Kenny G does the James Last Classics\rquote . Predictably, night came, and the original threads of Stuart\rquote s narrative were lost to history.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 12.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par Seventy, a hundred, possibly fifty above that. One man stood calculating the number, counting the nameless bunch with an open fist. He was old, balding, and carried a single golf club. His eyes speculated the infinite panorama, it\rquote 
s perfect flowing valleys of grass, the endless fairways of lawns. It was as if the entire landscape was created for the one purpose that was in his mind.
\par \'93I\rquote m missing the Masters,\'94 He told somebody nearby. Somehow he failed to recognise the gravity of what had just happened.
\par The other person looked at him. She pulled her stained pink jumper tighter around her slight body, feeling both cold and numb. Her voice was almost non-existent. The pain of exhaustion caroused her face when she said \'93I\rquote m dead, aren\rquote t I?
\'94
\par The old man regarded her sceptically. \'93I don\rquote t think so. Dead people are normally have a bluish tinge around the eyes and lips, and are rubbery. I know, I found my wife like that one morning last year. I remember waking up after a good night
\rquote s rest, and turning to kiss her good morning. I got quite a shock. She had been dead for about six hours, and I remember kissing her good morning. No, being dead is quite different. You\rquote re not rubbery yet and you\rquote re still moving.\'94

\par The woman regarded this old beast stoically, then let out a faint smile. She was about to speak, but the man\rquote s attention, like his person, had wandered elsewhere.
\par He swung his driver experimentally, accidentally striking the earth. A chunk of grass flew up, landing an impossible distance away.
\par \'93Well, would you look at that,\'94 He said, kneeling down to examine the ground. A small patch of grey nothingness now existed where the grass once was; where the ground should be. On closer inspection, the old man found he could place his arm in the 
\lquote hole\rquote  left by the misplaced turf. He reached down as far as he 
could. He felt nothing. Removing his arm, he tried gazing down the hole, looking for anything the hole might contain. It revealed nothing, on a light grey substance that appeared to be no substance at all. He put his head down through little hole and foun
d
 himself looking around at an hue-inverted expanse of swaying turf, stretching towards the horizon; the pink grass in contrast with a yellow sky, all light and dark inverted, as if a negative of what he thought reality. Vertigo found a place in his head a
nd without a pause he removed his head, stood up and walked away, not saying a word, his face like hot putty. The grey hole beckoned.
\par Soon, something small, white and hard struck the woman in the stained pink jumper on the temple. She found the grass surprisingly comfortable as her face struck.
\par 
\par When she awoke, she was alone.
\par Then she noticed the three objects; a caravan, and two tents. They each stood silhouetted against an ambient light source. She thought she heard dance music filtering through the nothingness.
\par Groggily she wandered towards the strange objects, wondering many things. Her mind still swum with transparent visions of the past days. A cow on a country road, a silly old man with a golf club, a strange black butterfly. She stumbled on something,
 a large object buried in the grass. It was a golden sword, but she left it lying where it was. She moved on with unease. After some long minutes, she finally came up hard against a tent; yellow and purple checks.
\par Around the front of this tent, a flap flapped. The dazed woman stumbled in, her hand going out as darkness put her in its mouth and swallowed. She failed to see more of the caravan-like objects materialise.
\par 
\par \'93Well what do you mean we\rquote re one short?\'94 A man waved his hands frantically around, knocking his empty wine goblet over. Penetrating eyes looked out from under a bushy grey brow.
\par \'93Well, sir,\'94 another, slightly younger, man ventured. \'93She\rquote s here, it\rquote s just that when we sent everybody into the fractal room, she didn\rquote t come along. I guess she\rquote s still out there in the grass somewhere.\'94
\par \'93Franklin, do you realise that there is over twenty-four billion kilometres of grass out there in every direction? How are you ever going to find her?\'94
\par \'93Find, sir? Me, sir?\'94 Franklin cringed.
\par \'93Yes, you. You\rquote re the one that\rquote s gone and lost one our pure human lifeforms, one that is dearly needed. We can\rquote t just grab them whilly-nilly, you know.\'94
\par \'93But, I didn\rquote t, I mean, it wasn\rquote t-\'93
\par \'93Yes, yes, Franklin. I know how eager you are to get started, so I won\rquote t delay you any further.\'94 The man with the bushy eyebrows turned slightly away, greeting another man. A moment later he turned back to the man named Franklin.
\par \'93You still here?\'94
\par \'93Yes sir.\'94
\par \'93Hmp. Well, all right. Take a rover, but remember to fill it up again when you\rquote re finished. Off you go, there\rquote s a good chap.\'94
\par Franklin visibly sagged. \'93Yes, Mr Tobler.\'94
\par Mr Tobler\rquote s eyes shone like magma in a milk carton. \'93It shouldn\rquote t take you more than say five hours.\'94 His voice was good-natured, but to Franklin\rquote s ears, it sounded like the gates of hell.
\par Mr Tobler almost smiled to himself as he watched Franklin slump out the door on his impossible search. He looked on a moment longer, and then his attention curved back to the man standing beside him. Mr Tobler was an administrator, and currentl
y his job was to administer the start of the universe, and make sure everything was ready so that when the light switch was finally switched on, everything looked and acted as it should. Mr Tobler liked to administer. He had a Ph.D. in it. Chewing a thoug
htful fingernail, he went off to get a nice hot cup of tea.
\par 
\par Franklin, bored with administrative processes, endless preparations and pointless errands, let his mind wander. He had permission to use a Rover. He\rquote d never had permission before, usually opting t
o just take one. Of course, when you did it this way, you didn\rquote t bother filling it up with fuel when (and if) you returned it. Having explicit permission to do something always had its drawbacks.
\par Franklin liked to drive. He had an insane streak, which, whe
n driving, could be confused with a death wish. Sometimes, when screaming along over the countless miles of grass, he let his mind wander. Combine a naive death wish with a mind a thousand lifetimes away from the body in question and put it in a car. Then
 run away, very, very fast.
\par Probability says if you had an infinite space, a moving car and a single tree, then sooner or later, the car will hit the tree. For an inexplicable reason, the car will hit the tree sooner rather than later. Perhaps it has to do 
with the microgravity forces that affects every atom. Perhaps there is some psychological attachment of the car with the tree. Probably it\rquote 
s because some people are really too stupid to drive. Now, take away that single fateful tree, and the probabilities change significantly. Now the chances of a car hitting the tree that isn\rquote t there are completely obscured.
\par In any case, Franklin was now quite a long way away from his office, amidst the remains of an upturned smoking mess that was once (possibly) a Rover. 
Lying face up on the grass, he wore a faint grin the shape of an orang-utan wearing a yellow jumpsuit. He thought he could hear children playing in the distance. He knew with unerring certainty that he could see a woman standing over him, blocking the lig
ht.
\par It began to snow.
\par 
\par There were ninety nine of them seated in on comfy chairs in the fractal room, all facing a raised dais. A gentle light shone down from above, presumably from somewhere higher than the strange glutinous fog. Infinity tossed and played 
on the event horizon. Shopping mall ambience filtered in from an unidentifiable source.
\par The whole effect of all this seemed to be to make everything a little hazy and indistinct. A side effect happened to be that it was also utterly annoying.
\par From on high 
a bright beam of light shone on the center dais, and because of certain conventions the near hundred people all settled down and turned expectantly towards it. So much of the last few days had been the most exciting things to ever happen to them, certainl
y more exciting than anything that could have ever happened to anybody any of them knew, that the definition of the possible and the impossible was blurring.
\par \'93I guess you\rquote re all wondering why I called you all here,\'94 Said a voice from the pedestal. Since there was nobody there, only that beam of light. Oh well, it was pretty darned self explanatory, if you ask me.
\par \'93But we were stolen and brought here,\'94 Said an old man with a golf club, who sat near to the front.
\par \'93Stolen?\'94 The light beam flickered. \'93Are you sure?\'94
\par \'93Well,\'94 said somebody a little further back. \'93Maybe nabbed, nicked or permanently borrowed would be a better way to describe it.\'94
\par A slight murmur of agreement arose, but a few people disagreed. One man jumped to his feet and absurded \'93Nicked? Just nicked? I was run over by a god-damned ambulance!\'94
\par \'93Well,\'94 the other voice came again from the seething mass of people. \'93I guess some of us were nicked harder than others.\'94
\par The old man with the golf club glanced around the room and asked the woman sitting next to him if she had seen a TV anyplace. Evidently he needed to see how some guy call Norman was doing on the seventeenth. Whatever that meant.
\par The woman told him he was a jerk.
\par The voice from the pedestal swallowed a couple of times and mumbled just enough to get most of the attention in the room. \'93Okay, so is everybody here?\'94
\par \'93Where\rquote s here?\'94
\par The beam of light took a step back. \'93Doesn\rquote t anybody know anything? Why is it always me who gets these jobs? I mean, why do I always have to explain to everybody what\rquote 
s going on all the time? I think its jolly well about time that some of the others here took on a little responsibility,\'94 Even as the light beam spoke, the rabble of half-annoyed voice started up again. \'93Take for instance the last time we did this-
\'85\'94
\par But m
eanwhile, the strange old golf-fiend was on his own wavelength; tees? Holes? Bunkers? What in earth was the old fool on about? Also meanwhile, everybody else was back on track with the beam of light, nodding and smiling piteously as he vicariously put for
ward his matte life story.
\par 
\par For as far back as he could remember, which was either so long or so short that he could not recall, Franklin could not think of a time that he had seen snow falling in a children\rquote s playground. He didn\rquote t know where he hadn\rquote t seen
 the playground, only the fact that he hadn\rquote 
t seen the playground full of falling snow. He spent a moment getting his thoughts together. So far they had been jumbled and mixed up. Or maybe, he thought, as a woman wearing a thick woollen overcoat helped him
 to his feet, that they only seemed jumbled and mixed up and that they were really normal. If they were normal, he decided it was about time he had them fixed. If only he could find a Brain-o-Fix machine. Maybe there was no such thing as a Brain-o-Fix mac
hine; that he had just made that up. Now, unsure, he would definitely have to have it fixed. Possibly by a machine that did not exist. That would do it.
\par \'93Are you okay?\'94 The woman asked, breathing a mist into the cold air. A police car screamed by in the background. Two brightly coloured tents stood defiantly at the other end of what now appeared to be a long park.
\par \'93I think I hit a tree.\'94
\par \'93Looks like you\rquote ve got a nasty bump on your head. Let\rquote s have you out of there,\'94 The woman helped Franklin step out of the Rover\rquote s remains. \'93Where did you spring from?\'94
\par \'93I think my problem is finding out where I have sprung to,\'94 He glanced over at the two tents, perhaps five hundred metres away, their flaps flapping in the wind. \'93How long have those tents been there?\'94
\par \'93What tents?\'94 Asked the woman. She acted as if she could not see them. She turned around. \'93Oh, those tents\'85\'94
\par Franklin had his head slightly forward, expecting a response, but the woman had trailed off, as if forgetting that she had been saying something. He still had his head forward when he asked slowly, motioning to continue. \'93Yes-\'85?\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m sorry, were you saying something?\'94 The woman asked, her shoulder-length coppery hair flecked with snow, and walked away, singing a song about a bird, a bee and a bathtub full of banana custard.
\par Franklin decided that it was time, too, that he wandered. So he glanced at the destroyed Rover, wondering if he still had to refuel it, gave it a rueful kick, and departed for the two tents.
\par The rover vanished.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 13.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par \'93Isn\rquote t it about time you all found someplace else to go?\'94 Amy stood up, brushing back her frightfully distraught hair, careful not to tread on anybody. \'93I mean, my place is getting crowded and messy.\'94
\par Okay, so the room was worse than a warzone where the weapons consisted of cherry cream pies and the armies were undoubtedly floppily shod clowns wearing ermine wigs, indigo vests and squishy red noses. Okay, so \lquote a few days\rquote 
 had turned into a week or so. Okay, so somebody had stolen the trashed time machine that had been parked in Bob\rquote s office, and Bob herself had mysteriously vanished. Okay so they were running desperately low of coffee.
\par Old Stuart stood up and put a friendly arm around Amy\rquote s shoulder. \'93You see the problem, though?\'94
\par \'93No, not really.\'94
\par \'93Well,\'94 and glanced around at the dozing people scattered all over her living room. He put his finger in his ear and scratched around for a while. \'93With only one time machine besides mine, it\rquote 
s going to be a fairly cramped experience trying to get the others back to their own dimension, even in two vehicles. Even if following a trail of chronafluxions down a multidimensional wormhole wasn\rquote 
t impossible, as the wormhole generates a negative black hole in monodimensional P-space, and the rip in the spacetime fabric into H-space invariable s
ucks other chronafluxions down into it as well, some of which infer themselves from H-space into M-space through sub waveforms inside the wormhole, well, I think you can see what I\rquote m getting at here.\'94
\par Amy pondered all this. After nodding for a while, chewing a bunch of hair, and breathing deeply, she pondered it again. \'93So what you\rquote re saying is\'85?\'94
\par He turned to look her in the eye. \'93Come with me.\'94
\par For some reason, this rocked Amy. She fell away from Stuart\rquote s arm, back into her chair. Her petite eyes slid shut, a fairly usual giveaway on fainting.
\par \'93Perhaps I should rephrase that,\'94 Stuart considered.
\par Both the Karens were awake. One of them said \'93What about me?\'94
\par \'93What about you?\'94 said the other, smirking. \'93What about me?\'94
\par \'93What do you mean?\'94 Stuart asked them. \'93What about Simon and Stuart?\'94
\par The second Karen, absently fussing a sleeping Simon\rquote s hair, opted at this time to point out that he [Old Stuart] had been until recently her possible other future selves boyfriend; that he\rquote d only been separated from her for a 
short time; that he couldn\rquote t go grabbing another girlfriend willy nilly, even somebody as attractive as Amy.
\par \'93Karen, are you aware that Simon also had- has- that particularly annoying trait?\'94
\par Karen began to inquire into what he was talking about but a very direct stare shut her up.
\par \'93You\rquote re too young to understand those things.\'94
\par Karen scoffed. \'93That\rquote s the most chauvinistic thing I\rquote ve ever heard you say.\'94
\par \'93You idiot. That wasn\rquote t chauvinistic, it was patronising. If I was being chauvinistic, I would have said \lquote You wouldn\rquote t understand because you\rquote re a woman\rquote .\'94 Stuart explained.
\par \'93You know what I mean.\'94
\par \'93Do I?\'94
\par \'93Don\rquote t do this to me.\'94
\par \'93Do what, little kiddo?\'94
\par \'93How did you-? What I mean to say is, don\rquote t call me that. I don\rquote t. I hate it.\'94 She looked embarrassedly at her other self.
\par \'93I could go on. You can learn a lot of secrets in ten years, you know. Some people might like to know these things,\'94 He glanced at himself in younger form, snoozing, hand on a coffee mug. Also at Simon.
\par \'93You wouldn\rquote t. You can\rquote t,\'94 Karen went, then paused, feigning dignity. \'93What kind of things?\'94
\par Amy stirred, and Stuart sat beside her, put his arm back around her shoulders. \'93Wake up sleepy head.\'94
\par \'93Is that you mumble mumble, my love?\'94 Amy nestled in Stuart\rquote s arm, giving him a faceful of hair, whilst Stuart shrugged at the Karens. When Amy opened her eyes, she saw the situation and sat bolt upright, profusely apologising et cetera.

\par \'93Mumble wumble, my love who?\'94 He asked her. He was indeed intent on casually putting his arm around her shoulders.
\par \'93I didn\rquote t say anything.\'94 Said Amy, bright red.
\par \'93She didn\rquote t say anything, Stuart,\'94 said Karen.
\par \'93Thanks for explaining that, my little snuggle wuggle.\'94
\par Karen\rquote s face went hard. Both of them.
\par Stuart smiled. It was a smile that said \lquote and there\rquote s more where that came from\rquote .
\par 
\par \'93Let me think for a minute,\'94 a Simon was saying. Everybody, including Amy, James and the two elderly golf nuts were gathered in Amy\rquote 
s apartment, preparing to leave. It had been quite a day, gathering them all together, but somehow they had all
 managed to do it. In fact, the only reason that they had gathered in one spot was a matter of random chance. Odd as it retrospectively seemed, everybody had decided at the same moment at go looking for everybody else, and had turned up at exactly the sam
e time, in exactly the same place. Funny how things can work out. \'93Okay, I have it.\'94
\par After a minimal silence, he added \'93No, I don\rquote t.\'94
\par \'93Yes you do,\'94 said the other Simon. \'93We pack half of us into one machine, the other half into the other, and strap them together, and finger the fat button.\'94
\par \'93It won\rquote t work,\'94 his double insisted. \'93And I know it.\'94
\par Matthew stepped forward, though he didn\rquote t need to. \'93As I see it, the chronafluxion engine should only generate enough temporal anomalies to \'85\'94 he fumbled for a word. \'93\'85 environate the one ship. Rigging them together won\rquote 
t work.\'94
\par Simon said \'93I already said that.\'94
\par Amy had to ask what \lquote environate\rquote  meant}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  It actually means \lquote 
to encompass a given area\rquote . Well, it\rquote s my word. It means what I want it to.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 . Matthew\rquote 
s double explained it to her. And what a chronafluxion engine was. And a temporal anomaly. And pickled onions. He put that in for good measure.
\par Errol spoke up. \'93We could just go someplace there is only one of. There are two that I know of.\'94
\par \'93Two places that there are only one of. That\rquote s a gramadox}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 
\chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  Making up words is fun. This one is short for a \lquote grammatical paradox\rquote . Neat, huh?}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  for you,\'94 Amy said. She didn\rquote 
t have to explain what a gramadox was to the X-Nerds, they\rquote d already figured it out, and she couldn\rquote t be bothered trying to explain it to James. \'93
You should say that there are two places that you could go, and that there is only one of each.\'94
\par \'93What she said,\'94 followed Errol. \'93The start and the end. There can be only one.\'94
\par \'93Two,\'94 counted Linda. \'93Start, end. That\rquote s two.\'94
\par \'93One start, one end. That\rquote s one.\'94
\par \'93Two,\'94 insisted Linda.
\par \'93One,\'94 hissed Errol.
\par \'93Two. I\rquote m not quitting until you recognise that my answer is the correct answer.\'94
\par \'93And I\rquote m not recognising that your answer is the correct answer when it\rquote s not. One.\'94
\par \'93Then I\rquote m not quitting.\'94 Linda folded her arms and glared at Errol menacingly.
\par \'93Will you to shut the-\'94 Amy had screamed before realising what she was about to say. \'93Up. Just shut up.\'94
\par Simultaneous to this pitiful argument, the Simons and Matthews were gathered around Stuarts and Karens, coolly hammering out details.
\par \'93We go our separate ways, and meet up at the end.\'94 Stuart said.
\par \'93Start,\'94 Stuart corrected.
\par Stuart looked at him. \'93Start, end. Makes no difference.\'94
\par \'93The start would be a better place to go, though,\'94 Simon pointed out. \'93In the end, everything was dark. We\rquote d never find each other. Besides, there\rquote s nothing to land on once the universe finishes.\'94
\par \'93A point I hadn\rquote t thought of,\'94 murmured Stuart, nodding.
\par \'93So we just cram into the ships and go back as far as we can?\'94 Errol said.
\par \'93That\rquote s the general idea, yes.\'94
\par \'93What if there\rquote s nothing there?\'94 Errol wondered aloud.
\par \'93There\rquote s grass,\'94 George said, finally taking an interest in the universe around him. \'93Billions of miles of blissful greens.\'94
\par \'93How do you know that?\'94 somebody asked Him.
\par \'93I was there.\'94
\par \'93I was also there,\'94 Linda added, glaring angrily at Amy. \'93Lots of grass. And two tents.\'94
\par \'93I don\rquote t remember two tents,\'94 George scratched his head. \'93All I remember is lots of grass.\'94
\par \'93You were too busy teeing off to notice anything back then.\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s only been a year or two,\'94 recalled George, a new experience for him.
\par \'93It\rquote s been over ten thousand years, you fool.\'94
\par \'93No, these people came and got me not that long ago. Before we went to that monk place.\'94
\par That monk place? Linda figured He meant the Academic Academy. Like a grandfather clock, it clicked in place, complete with whirring sproingy noises, precluding the dreaded bong-bong-bong. Linda spun to the
 X-Nerds, not really knowing which set to talk two. \'93You mean this is the George from way back at the Start? I have a vague memory, a memory of a forgotten memory of a memory of somebody- no. You! You took George away. I remember now. Jesus, he doesn
\rquote t know anything, then. He never learnt anything. But I remember him being there. I used visit him every thousand years or so.\'94
\par But Old Stuart was on a different track. A very fast track. A track a bullet train wouldn\rquote t be ashamed to be seen on. \'93What did you just say?\'94
\par Linda looked up at him, going over what she had said. \'93That I used to visit him every thousand years or so?\'94
\par \'93Who is Jesus?\'94 he probed her.
\par \'93He dies on a cross I remember\'85 My god I remember.\'94 Silence aplenty. \'93How? There had been an accident. A man on a,\'94
 she began fumbling both for words and more memories. He face drained of colour, and her eyes darted one way and another. She was staring at nothing, seeing her past as if for the first time. The room remained dead silent, as did the people it contained. 
\'93A bicycle. Crashed into a taxi. I was eating KFC. It was midday. I was wearing a blue dress. Green, dress. Yes, green. Long. I remember being struck? Or I fell. Maybe I was struck and fell. I fell and struck my. I remember a lot of grass. A grey ro
om full of mist\'85 What the hell am I?\'94
\par George stared at his feet for a while, listening to the ghastly silence, wondering if everybody was waiting for him to say something. He figured that this was the case, so fetched \'93I remember a lot of grass.\'94
\par Old Stuart threw his head back and laughed. \'93I told you. I told you all that these fakes everybody calls gods were human, Terran, at least. Now I have proof. Wow, that\rquote s got to be a first.\'94
\par 
\par Surprisingly, it didn\rquote t take all that long for everybody to find their way to a spaceship and prepare to temporally vanish once more. Old Stuart sat inside his machine, still half sideways where he\rquote d crashed it on top of Amy\rquote 
s desk. He put on his most pleading expression, meaning every squiggly eyebrow of it. \'93Come with me.\'94
\par Amy stood outside the ship, at the door, hands clasped in front of her, eyes downcast. \'93I can\rquote t.\'94
\par \'93You can. You can step out of your life here and into mine. All you need to do is join me.\'94
\par Amy looked hard at the space Stuart had made for her inside the ship. It wasn\rquote t much, but that wasn\rquote t the point. It was a space in his life that he was making for her. She cast her eyes down again, turned away to let him know that she couldn
\rquote t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
 A different writer may have written in a florid paragraph about a tear rolling down Amy\rquote s cheek or some such, likening her beauty in sorrow to an autumn dew drop tumbling tumultuously along the blushing red bloom of a demure flower, but it\rquote 
s all soppy rubbish. For all you know, she was probably glad to get rid of Stuart.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 .
\par Stuart turned to Karen, who was sitting at the front of the vehicle, ready to activate the time controls. He gave the nod, and reached up to shut the door. He had to do this quickly. \'93On my mark,\'94 he told Karen.
\par Amy was turning, and Stuart was reaching up for the door. With no hesitation, he hijacked Amy, pulling her into his arms, and shouted \'93Mark!\'94 even as the door clicked.
\par 
\par In the beginning, there was a major grass problem. Throughout all eternity people had said The Creator had a lot to answer for, but in the galactic phone book of time, his number went unlisted. Perhaps that wasn\rquote 
t such a bad thing. He most certainly wouldn\rquote t enjoy the endless calls from lawn-mowing services.
\par Long before anybody available could recall, there had been two tents, each flapping madly at each other. In a land where grass existed and nothing else, the
y did well to break the monotony. A caravan-like object stood off to one side, partly hidden by the high grass.
\par A caravan-like object materialised. A moment later, a caravan-like object materialised. Now there were three. A couple of moments later three mo
re caravan-like objects appeared, but two of these materialised inside each other and vanished in a field of disassociating sub-phase relativistic improbability and the third, for something different, exploded.
\par A serious number of moments passed as bits of
 space ship rained down all over the grass. Then, after that, if was dreadfully- latecomers would say blissfully- silent. Finally the moment came that all the other moments that had passed were along to see. Cacophony rallied across infinity. The X-Nerds 
had arrived at the beginning of Time.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 14.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par The flux was getting pretty damned annoyed, now. It had failed the first time; okay, it was inexperienced. It had never tried killing before and the killing by erasing future history trick- although clever- didn\rquote t
 work, although she did make a lot of money on related enterprises. For some reason this made her feel good. The second attempt had had promise, modifying the temporal field throughout the many dimensions to replicate and hopefully destroy her enemy. The 
b
utterfly guise had worked well until a recent unfortunate incident; that is, being run over by a truck. Oh well, she could hardly tell if her temporal tampering was working anyway. The third had to work. It had to. There was no possible way that it couldn
\rquote t. Third time lucky, somebody had once told her. She had told that person that if she wasn\rquote t lucky the third time that she\rquote d come back and place a cricket bat in an obscure location}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  His laundry cupboard.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 .
\par Lying in the grass on some uninhabited planet, she gazed at the sky. It was yellow, but she didn\rquote 
t see that kind of thing. She knew this universe was the enemy. She, to the universe at large, was the most evil thing anywhere. She knew a pool of dark matter like herself shouldn\rquote t be able to lie down on a planet theoretically made of \lquote 
light\rquote  matter without zapafying everything around it. It wasn\rquote t happening. She couldn\rquote t figure it out either. But that didn\rquote t matter. Didn\rquote t matter, get it? Never mind, it\rquote s an \lquote in\rquote 
 joke to dark-matter beings.
\par She was actually thinking about her opp
osite double; Him. The one who moved around, the one made of pure Light Matter, the one who had escaped her twice, now. If she could only touch him, it would be all over. She and He would vanish in an instant, cancelling each other out. Sure, she would di
e, but she figured she would have to live with that.
\par She formed herself into a human, adopting the same figure and personality as in her first plan (the trial run). Not wasting a moment, she checked her hair to see if it was okay, then vanished into time.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 15.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par The beam of light sighed. The soon-to-be gods had just shuffled out into the newly formed universe, their heads full of new ideas and vast knowledge. He mumbled something about it having been a long day, and realised that there hadn\rquote 
t been a day pass 
yet. In fact, it was one of the shortest days in the entire history of the universe, starting at a nice comfortable 9 am one Tuesday morning, and finishing early so that everybody could go to the opening party and not end up being late for tomorrow. He ha
d been told that the Universe was to be started later that week, but he rarely received new information. Maybe somebody must have decided to actually get on with preparations and start it early.
\par Then, a RIO}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  Rather Invisible Object (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 
see Part 1 for details}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 )}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  door opened and  the Universes\rquote  administrator Mr 
Tobler rushed in. Nobody knew his first name. He was simply Mr Tobler to everybody, and had been around literally since before the dawn of time. Schools have people like Mr Tobler, who have just always been there, and nobody, not even all the old people w
ho live just down the road in the home can remember them not being there. Generally these people are withered old gardeners, obese cross-eyed chefs and bald little historians.
\par \'93Oh hell. They\rquote ve already gone,\'94 He said, and turned around, searching for the doorway.
\par Mikal, the beam of light, projected himself beside Mr Tobler. \'93What\rquote s wrong?\'94
\par \'93I\rquote ll tell you what\rquote s wrong. Somebody\rquote s gone and started the original, that\rquote s what\rquote s bloody-well wrong. I didn\rquote t want it started until I had had a chance to make a recent backup. I mean, there\rquote 
s, you know, the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 original}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
 original, which was buggy and had exploding suns, comets crashing into planets and all sorts of terribly dull life forms. Of course everything with the new one that could go wrong does. I\rquote ve lost Franklin; he\rquote 
s still off driving around someplace, and a purebred human is missing, and I\rquote ve people running around everywhere poking their noses into things that noses can\rquote t be poked into. What the hell am I going to do?\'94
\par The swirling grey mist had found a foam bauble and vainly attempted to toss it against Mr Tobler\rquote s foot. \'93Hide?\'94 Mikal suggested. A marble rolled by, burbling to itself.
\par \'93And somebody drank the last of my coffee. How do you get out of here?\'94 Mr Tobler was fumbling around looking for a doorway.
\par \'93There are doors all over the place, but I can\rquote t use them.\'94
\par \'93Well how do you find them. I can use them.\'94
\par Mikal shone around for a while, occasionally reflecting off something that wasn\rquote t there. \'93Damned if I know. If I knew how to get out of here, do you think I\rquote d be shining around here for all eternity?\'94
\par \'93Fat lot of good you are,\'94 Mr Tobler stated. He chose a direction at random and started walking, hoping to run into a door. Moments later he was lost to the fog.
\par Mikal sighed again. The fog blatted at the foam bauble. \'93I think there\rquote s one over here,\'94 he called into the fog. A clatter from the distance, and a spray of baubles erupted into the air. \'93I may be wrong.\'94
\par Mikal hadn\rquote t had an easy life. Well, to be brutally honest, he had had a perfect life; nothing ever we
nt wrong. He had never received an overdue bill for anything. The local tax authority had never busted in demanding a full audit. In fact, nothing that could have ever gone wrong, even slightly bad, had happened.
\par Sticking to the brutally honest theme, nothing had ever gone right for Mikal, either.
\par To summarise: Life was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 unbelievably}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
 dull, so incredibly not-worth-mentioning even early one drunk Sunday morning after countless days bilge drinking with people you don\rquote t know, who don\rquote t remember what you just sai
d, or remember that they just forgot what you just said, or recognise the fact that you\rquote ve missed the past three months of the conversation after your liver collapse and transplant at a rat-infested backyard hospital }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\insrsid7028667 in another country}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 . 
\par This didn\rquote t happen to Mikal. It\rquote s just a simile used to describe the dullness of his life so far. If it had in fact happened, Mikal wouldn\rquote 
t be as bored as he was now. He would have achieved something in his life, however unhealthy, not the nihilist destitution that had so far occurred.
\par A long time ago, or perhaps a short time ago, as time had a distinct lack on existence in his plane,  Mikal had dallied in the arts. Having no history or artistic experience to start from, the boxes full of marbles and foam baubles which cons
tituted the base and indeed entirety of his severely dull artworks, were an achievement in boredom, the marker at which Mikal hoped his life would take a turn. It didn\rquote 
t. People completely failed to notice the Boxes of expressionist art. In general, people
 completely failed to notice Mikal himself, and his entire dimension. He recalled the previous attempts by The Creator as he bashed away at creating and running a proper universe, in which Mikal had no part, did nothing, and indeed knew nothing about them
 
until after the event. That was long before the Creator hit upon the idea of employing somebody else to get the universe going. He had come across Mr Tobler (Ph.D, Admin. Srvc), frozen inside a comet left over from a previous universe, forced him to sign 
the pink, yellow and green forms (necessary for his tax return), then mysteriously vanished in an equally mysterious puff of lawn-clippings.
\par More recently in Mikal\rquote s awkward sociotemporally inactive existence he had watched as a blob of dark matter seeped t
hrough a hole in one universe, and slithered uncaringly through a hole in a different universe. He knew all about the light and dark matter problems, that one cancelled the other, that the cancellation nullified both universes, and that there was absolute
ly nothing he could do to stop it happening.
\par The thing he was really annoyed about was the fact that if the two universes cancelled each other out, there would be nothing left outside his dimension, meaning a perpetually dull future.
\par Which is why he willed 
a large Caravan-shaped temporal-reality field into existence in one of the universes. With any luck, anybody who used the time machine would probably muck everything up to such an inconceivable level that the dark-matter would be swept under the rug by th
e Laws of Reality.
\par Well, apparently half of it had worked, thought Mikal, watching the stumbling form of Mr Tobler vanish into the eternal fog. He\rquote d managed to muck up everything- buckle the walls of the universe- with considerable ease. It was }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 something}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 . It wasn\rquote t necessarily something good, but it was something. Hell, if it all went wrong, the Creator could just wave his hand and run another Universe.
\par Couldn\rquote t he?
\par Anyway, beside Mikal\rquote s existive Zilch Esset Demonstrandum, it was about this time that the Laws of Reality tripped on something hidden under the rug and were bending to see just what\'85
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 16.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par The frolicsome flap flipped in free folly. Franklin flicked a finger at the frosty falling flakes, finalising their frigidity. He shivered. It was Fubar out here.
\par Yes, this garish monstrosity was definitely the right tent. And that tent over there, the one with the car parked halfway though it, flaps flolloping flappily, must be the other tent. He brushed the snow from his head, then walked forward into the inky
 blackness of the tent, right into the path of a beautiful young woman.
\par \'93Oh, excuse me,\'94 He said, pulling the woman to her feet. \'93I\rquote m sorry, did I hurt you?\'94
\par The woman looked around at the snow for a while, then fell heavily back down on the ground and started to cry. \'93I need to sit down,\'94 she sobbed.
\par \'93But you are sitting down,\'94 Franklin observed, and rushed around wondering if he should help her to her feet again, then help her to a seat. \'93Here, come back inside and I\rquote ll find you a nice cup of tea.\'94
\par The woman accepted his hand once more, allowed herself to be pulled to her feet, and together the ambled blindly into the tent.
\par \'93Excuse me,\'94 the man said again, then his voice trailed off. After a moment he continued. \'93Did you come here with a large crowd, or did you just wander in?\'94
\par The woman looked at him, or in the dimness, it may just have been that she looked his way; Franklin couldn\rquote t be sure, as he was rubbing the snow off his face, and replied something, which to his ears sounded much like \'93Mmnurf, wurgle.\'94
\par \'93Oh well, it was worth a shot. Would you like a cup of tea?\'94
 He quested, and together they walked into the mansion-sized enclosure of the ten-metre diameter tent. They both, not for the first time either, gasped in awe both of the impressive expansive beauty of the tents\rquote 
 interior, and of the confusing five-dimensional physics at work. Franklin had wandered through the miles of corridors inside the tent many times in his grossly dull life, yet he was never any less amazed than this time concerning the re
ality of fitting so many thousands of square metres of floor space into a tent with a radius of only five metres. He was definitely no mathematician (he could only count up to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 pi}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  on his fingers), but it didn\rquote t take maths to figure that you need a bigger tent to encompass the area encompassed by this tent. Probably a tent with a ten-metre radius would do it, he guessed.
\par The woman found herself being led to a small kitchenette, and had to get down on her hands and knees to see through the door. An itty-bitty chef was cooking a minuscule Mississippi mud-cake, and a wisp of steam rose from a teensy-weensy kettle.
\par \'93That\rquote s just a model of the kitchen,\'94 said Franklin. \'93The real one\rquote s in here.\'94
\par Here was the real kitchenette, where a much-larger, and more round version of the itty-bitty chef was baking a cake, and a much larger wisp (but still only a wisp) of steam was gaily wafting above a kettle.
\par \'93How do you like it?\'94 Franklin asked.
\par \'93That\rquote s getting a little personal, isn\rquote t it?\'94 the woman asked pointedly.
\par Franklin grabbed the kettle from the stove and held it for all to see. \'93The tea! How do you like your tea?\'94
\par \'93Oh,\'94 said the woman, wiping a teardrop from her eye. \'93Yes, I\rquote ll have a cup.\'94
\par Well, they\rquote re on different wavelengths.
\par Franklin set about making the tea, a tas
k he had become famously good at; it seemed to be his only real function here- the fellow who makes the tea. Things seemed to be going well so far, the chef had left the room in search of a sprig of coriander for one dish or another, and the cake smelled 
nearly ready. Franklin thought it almost time to make some conversation, but decided against it and made the tea instead. Whilst pouring a cup first for his visitor, then himself, said \'93I\rquote m called Franklin.\'94
\par \'93Yes please,\'94 replied the woman, her mind elsewhere. \'93And two sugars. I seem to have a bump on my head.\'94
\par \'93Yes, as do I.\'94 concurred Franklin, and handed her her cup. \'93You should have it looked at.\'94
\par \'93Looked at? Why, it\rquote s just a cup.\'94
\par \'93The bump, I mean. I\rquote m called Franklin.\'94 He smiled nicely.
\par \'93Why?\'94\line \'93Why what?\'94
\par \'93Why are you called Franklin? Is that you job? A Franklin? What do they do?\'94
\par \'93Well,\'94 started Franklin, his mind buckling under the strain this conversation had placed upon its gentle mass. \'93I believe they are manservants or some such, you know, the people who chop the wood and muck out the privy.\'94
\par \'93Well, pardon me for sounding, er. What\rquote s your name then?\'94
\par \'93What? Oh, Franklin.\'94
\par \'93No, no. I mean, your name.\'94
\par \'93My name is Franklin.\'94
\par The woman sat back and laughed, deliberating whether to drink her tea or rub the lump on her head she\rquote d taken earlier from a rogue golf-ball. \'93Oh, I see. Your name is Franklin, and you\rquote re the Sewage Man. I\rquote d never take that job, it
\rquote s way to smelly for me. I mean, I\rquote ve done nearly everything at one time or another, the check-outs 
and McDonalds. All the usuals. I worked in a bar once with a guy who did part time on community service at the sewerage plant. He had to stir the smelly turds in the local plant with this big pole, just standing there swishing them around day after day. H
e was drunk and got caught stealing a wheelbarrow. Like, you steal a wheelbarrow and they make you go around everyday stirring up shi-\'94
\par \'93No!\'94 Franklin intercepted. \'93You don\rquote t understand. I\rquote m an Assistant Administrator. My name is Franklin. I don\rquote t shovel anything. I don\rquote t even know what a sewage plant looks like}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  Much like an apple tree, except the fruits\'85}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 .\'94
\par The woman sipped her tea. \'93This is tea!\'94
\par \'93Yes, it is.\'94
\par \'93I haven\rquote t had a cup of tea since.\'94
\par Franklin wore an ogle in his grin as he waited for something more, but the woman had raised the cup to her mouth again and drunk nearly two-thirds the cup. He raised his eyebrows, then offered the tea-pot for a refill.
\par \'93I\rquote m Maline Copper,\'94 stated Maline Copper, yawning. \'93Would you mind telling me where the hell I am please?\'94
\par Franklin gasped. \'93You are the human!\'94
\par Maline came to at least a measurable percentage of her senses (the tea was working), and thought \lquote Uh-oh, It\rquote s loony-bin day again.\rquote 
\par Franklin measured her sudden hostile look carefully, then started to explain everything he could to her in the simplest possible terms. He got this far: \'93Well, you were brought here with the other gods\'85\'94
\par Maline boggled her eyes at him, spilling her hot tea all over her lap. She screamed something incoherent and depictingly nasty, turned to flee but found her passage obscure
d by a malevolent chair, tripped over a toy fire engine made entirely of broken wooden spoons, smacked her head against the door-frame, then slumped to the ground, unconscious.
\par Oddly enough, Franklin mumbled \'93Oh no, not again.\'94
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 17.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par \'93Wow. That\rquote s a lot of grass.\'94
\par \'93Yup.\'94
\par \'93Well, here we are. That seemed to work out well.\'94
\par \'93Yup.\'94
\par \'93We all got here.\'94
\par \'93Yup.\'94
\par \'93A pity about the other three ships.\'94
\par \'93Yup.\'94
\par \'93You suppose it was us?\'94
\par \'93Yup.\'94
\par \'93I guess we should see what\rquote s in those tents.\'94
\par \'93Yup.\'94
\par So far nobody had spoken twice.
\par \'93Yup.\'94
\par A little silence found its way in here, like the probing roots of a pretty little flower, up though a tiny gap in the conversation.
\par \'93Er. Stuart?\'94
\par \'93Yes Karen?\'94
\par \'93Why did you just say \lquote Yup\rquote ?\'94
\par \'93What? Didn\rquote t somebody just say something?\'94
\par \'93No.\'94
\par \'93But I was sure somebody else said something.\'94
\par \'93Nobody said anything.\'94
\par \'93But I was so sure. I had this strange feeling that there\rquote s somebody else with us, as if looking down on us right now, as if reading from the script that is our very lives\'85\'94
\par At that point, everybody felt a little chill run up their spines, like the finger of a dead monkey dragging along the ridge of a broken guitar}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 
\chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  It\rquote s something you\rquote ll just have to try before you understand fully.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 . Somewhere behind everybody there came a faint \lquote bong\rquote 
 sound. It didn\rquote t ring on like the bells in a church. It fell away, muted, as if stuffed with little foam baubles. For a moment, everybody went silent again.
\par The grass swayed. It swayed again.
\par And again.
\par \'93Well,\'94 said Amy.
\par \'93I agree,\'94 agreed everybody else, and they tromped off through the swaying grass, towards the tents.
\par George bent down to pick up something. It was a golf ball. A new one. He put it in his pocket, alongside many others just like it.
\par \'93Wow, it\rquote s just like the movie \lquote King Arthur\rquote ,\'94 commented Stuart, rushing ahead and pointing at the tents. \'93Where all the tents are those big round spiky top ones painted in checks and pinstripes, except we aren\rquote 
t dressed in tights and there\rquote s no knights on horses.\'94
\par Amy\rquote s brow grew wrinkly, then her lips squished together like she\rquote d just refused a tobasco sandwich. \'93You mean the movie \lquote Prince Valiant\rquote .\'94
\par \'93The one with the guy with a hairdo like a motorcycle helmet.\'94
\par \'93That\rquote s Prince Valiant. King Arthur was the guy in the chain mail t-shirt and alfoil crown who wields his long sword at a lake full of voluptuous, naked, young blonde virgin girls.\'94
 Stated Amy, a fan of the terrible old movies she watched as a girl, back in the cave on prehistoric Earth (on Nick at Nite- it\rquote s been repeating those shows for ever). Then she heard what she\rquote d just said and blushed furiously. \'93
No! What I mean is he grasps his long, hard shaft and wields it towards the lady in the lake\'85 He\'85 He pulls his sword out, and later on he thrusts it back into the hydro-avoirdupois prestidigitating nymphs. His sword, I mean, of course, not his-\'94

\par Simon, all in a rush, saved her from stuffing her other foot in her mouth as well. \'93There were a lot of cop shows left over from the seventies that had people with hairdo\rquote s bigger than motorcycle helmets. Some of those big black guys had afro
\rquote s bigger than motorbikes. Like wearing a furry dinghy on your head.\'94
\par \'93I see,\'94 Stuart looked at him. \'93So what\rquote s your point?\'94
\par Simon shrugged. \'93Er.\'94
\par Stuart\rquote s earlier observation was well justified, however. These tents had been infused with the embodiment of fashion psychosis. In an unspoken agreement, 
they all headed for the yellow and purple silk tent, finding the red and cyan pinstriped tent simply too garish to go anywhere near. Anybody who did so would need sunglasses with lens made from asbestos.
\par As one, the X-Nerds walked into a RIO}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
 a Rather Invisible Object. See previous footnotes for details.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  surrounding the tent. They left little imprints of saliva and sweat on the totally invisible surface, like bugs squashed on a windscreen.

\par \'93Oh bother,\'94 Said George, but only because he had nothing to hit his golf balls with. He tried to reach out and summon his mighty Wood}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 
\chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  We are talking a golf club\'85}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
, but his sorcery coughed and spluttered. A few sad little golden sparks poofed into the air, followed by a drizzle of smoke, then nothing. He tried again. This time he was simply waving his arm around in a silly manner. \'93Damn. Linda, can you try?\'94

\par Linda gave it a go, dejectedly. Nothing happened. For some reason, this didn\rquote t seem to surprise her. She had been moping around lately. George didn\rquote 
t understand women, but he knew when somebody was feeling bad. He tried to cheer her up a bit by offering to play a round, just on the green. She naturally reminded him that they didn\rquote 
t have any clubs, which dragged his own feelings down to her levels. Now they both shuffled around, moaning and mumbling, feeling dejected and annoyed with each other.
\par \'93Errol,\'94 Matthew mused. \'93Do you suppose that all this is some kind of elaborate joke?\'94
\par Errol looked at his double, then at Matthew\rquote s double, and replied. \'93Well, as you gave no context to the question, I presume you mean the universe at large, which at this point appears 
to be a whole lot of lawn and a couple of tents sealed up in glass bubbles. Given this context, I must confess, I don\rquote t understand the question.\'94
\par Matthew smirked. \'93I was only making conversation. Filling in space.\'94
\par \'93Well you go right ahead. There\rquote s plenty of space out there to fill.\'94
\par The grass swayed their way, as if acknowledging them.
\par Old Stuart was about to ask Amy just what a \lquote hydro-avoirdupois prestidigitating nymph\rquote  actually was, and what they had to do with the Excalibur story, when a man came out of the tent and said \'93
Oh, well there you go. That seems to have fixed everything just fine. Well, come inside, all of you. Hurry up, time\rquote s a-wasting.\'94 To this remark he added a little chuckle.
\par They, all fifteen of them, like a bipolarised family, wandered through the fabric of the strange glass bubble that had squished their noses only moments before, and into the small tent.
\par It was obvious- they wouldn\rquote t all fit.
\par But they did. They could have parked their spaceships in the foyer (but not on the hand-crafted wood, or the pile carpets, on the tiles), and there were hallways fanning out, including in the direction from which they\rquote d just entered.
\par \lquote Wow\rquote  and \lquote Cool\rquote  were words repeated with frequency, as were \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\cgrid0\insrsid7028667 \'bf}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 \rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667  and \lquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 !\rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 .
\par The man turned. \'93I\rquote m Franklin, and that\rquote s my name, not some kind of poop scraper.\'94
\par Amy looked at him quite oddly. \'93Excuse me?\'94
\par \'93Pardon?\'94
\par \'93I mean, what do you mean, not some kind of, uh, what you mentioned.\'94
\par \'93What?\'94
\par \'93Uh, never mind. Hey look, I\rquote m Amy. Ay-mee,\'94 she said, pointing at her chest.
\par Old Stuart grabbed her arm and whispered \'93You don\rquote t still introduce yourself like that, do you?\'94
\par \'93What ever do you mean?\'94 she whispered back. \'93Like what?\'94
\par That particular Stuart whispered a little softer. \'93That\rquote s how you introduced yourself to me.\'94
\par \'93How on earth did you remember that?\'94
\par \'93I remember everything about you.\'94
\par Amy gave him a smile. \'93Oh, that\rquote s so sweet.\'94 To Franklin, she started to introduce the others. \'93Okay, now you\rquote re going to have to pay attention to get all this. This is James, and Linda and George
, and Stuart and Simon and Karen and Matthew and Errol. You got that?\'94
\par \'93Karen and George and Matthew and Susan and Edward?\'94
\par \'93No. Listen carefully. George and Linda, James, Stuart, Simon, Matthew, Simon, Karen, Stuart, Errol, Errol, Matthew, Karen, Stuart and I\rquote m Amy.\'94
\par Franklin\rquote s brain went gaga. \'93Sarah and Lucy, Jurgen, David and who?\'94
\par \'93No no no no no no!\'94
\par \'93But, who are they then? Koran? Elodea? Wooblomuffin? Filbert?\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m Amy.\'94
\par \'93Ay-mee. Yes, yes. Ay-mee.\'94 Franklin had the hang of this now. It was some kind of guessing game. He decided to actually look at his guests, and his eyes widened as he saw two sets of them He rubbed them, thinking he\rquote 
d gone mad. He had in fact gone mad, but that was so long ago now that he\rquote d stopped worrying about it. What he was worried about was that he\rquote d gone mad- }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 again}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 . And so he rubbed his eyes, trying to dislodge this double sight. When the doubles failed to disappear, he shrugged and said \'93I\rquote ve gone mad.\'94
\par Amy smiled at him. \'93Yes, that helps.\'94
\par Franklin smiled faintly. \'93Amy.\'94
\par \'93Yes?\'94 Amy inquired.
\par Franklin rubbed his forehead. \'93No, no. I was just saying Amy.\'94
\par \'93Yes?\'94 Amy inquired.
\par \'93Stop it! Oh, I\rquote m sorry. Would you like a cup of tea? It\rquote s just made. There\rquote s a nice cake too.\'94
\par Old Stuart stepped forward, hand up to indicate silence from the others. \'93Yes. That would be nice.\'94 He took Amy by the hand, and Franklin led the raucous crowd towards the kitchenette (the big one).
\par \'93Just don\rquote t tread on the body.\'94
\par Everybody, together. \'93Body?\'94
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 18.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par In deep space, no-one can hear you scream.
\par This is also true for shallow space, but here people can see you scream, which is good enough. In deep space however, you\rquote re on your own.
\par It\rquote s probably why you\rquote re screaming in the first place.
\par There are some things that don\rquote t really belong in deep space, and t
here are some that do. You would expect to see the occasional asteroid, perhaps a comet, even a tiny, lumbering spaceship, or more likely, a speck of hydrogen, but never an entire solar system.
\par What it was doing way out here was anyone\rquote s guess.
\par You see, this kind of space is meant to be empty (save that occasional speck of hydrogen). It\rquote s not designed to contain anything bigger than an atom, and not many of those. That\rquote s how it got the name \lquote Deep Space\rquote }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
 Named after the Deep Ocean, before they discovered all sorts of things living down there.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 . This kind of space isn\rquote t meant to contain lunar bodies, let alone solar systems\'85
\par And yet\'85
\par These are the shores of reality. This is the border between the true universe and those universettes that contain every conceivable possibility, every creation and every absence of creation. Strange things wash ashore 
on the shores of reality, especially after a cosmic storm; concepts mortalised in matter, ideals expressed in morphogenic fields, possibility blurred into probability.
\par Here, the waves of reality crash and break on the headlands of deep space, and within th
e froth and foam, bubbles of something that is not real float to the surface to burst into existence. Amongst the grains of improbability along the beach, small creatures come to nest and burrow into the sand, making out their meagre lives feeding on the 
driftwood that washes against these distant shores.
\par Like the Deep Ocean, things abound here.
\par There are but five planets in this solar system, each finding its own time to orbit the single yellow sun. Whilst some of the planets have as many as ten moons, oth
ers suffer but one, or even none. The second of these planets could be thought of as barren, yet at the same time, life is abundant on the surface. Plants and fungi abound, each feasting on the other, not minding an ever-present bacterial battlefield, nan
ometres away.
\par For a moment longer, the planet remains serene.
\par Because there are certain conventions of reality, even here on her shores, this serenity is short lived. From the pleasant skies above come streaks of white brighter than the most vivid streak of
 lightning, streams of brilliant fire arcing across a blue dome. Soon great sonic booms go unheard across the surface of this undiscovered, unnamed planet, and white-hot meteors if aluminium and titanium rain down, tearing great gashes into the surface, b
urning terrorised lifeforms to a cinder, vaporising those battling bacteria, and drowning acres of land in dust.
\par This is unheard of.
\par This planet wasn\rquote t harming anyone. Now along comes the rest of the universe and within a few minutes, the whole place is nearly wrecked.
\par Nearly. Life will go on.
\par At least, that\rquote s what life thinks.
\par According to Life, Life has this funny way of going on. It\rquote s not always the best option, and life can have some pretty hard lifestyle choices to make, but always in the end, life goes on.
\par It\rquote s just that this time, it won\rquote t. It doesn\rquote t know it yet, and won\rquote t know it afterwards, but this is the last day of the rest of its life.
\par It\rquote s all a little sad, but that\rquote s life for you.
\par Look, up there in the sky. Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No! It\rquote 
s four-hundred and twenty million tonnes of spaceship breaking apart, raining down in impossibly large chunks of metal, grey lumbering masses containing living tissue and biotic matter, ploughing into the soil at ferocious speeds, throwing up thousands of
 
tonnes of dirt high into the stratosphere. Giant mushrooms of dust and radiation that may encircle the globe for many months to come bloom in the air, and soon the darkness comes, not the darkness of night, but the darkness of a slow death by concealment.

\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 19.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 
\par The chef stood in the doorway, shouting as loud as he could, yet nobody could hear him. In fact, they could only just see him.
\par This is the itty bitty chef, just arrived from the kitchenette. He\rquote s nearly four centimetres high.
\par He\rquote s real angry right now.
\par But nobody knows why, because they can\rquote t hear a word he\rquote s saying. All they can hear is this itty bitty \lquote Eme eme emem. E Eme eme ememeMe!\rquote  coming from his general direction.
\par Franklin picked him up. The chef went \'93Eeeeeeeeeeem!\'94
\par Franklin had to whisper as softly as he could, but his words were still too loud for the little master cook, so he put him back on the floor.
\par The little chef jumped up and down a few times, and they could all see his itty bitty jelly belly wobble. Finally he turned and ran from the room. Franklin sipped somebody\rquote s tea, then followed him out.
\par Before anyone had had a chance to speak, he returned and said \'93Somebody stepped on the kitchenette. There\rquote s footprints in the butter}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 
\chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  The red Mini\rquote s parked outside.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 , and the cake is nearly ruined.\'94
\par So it was that Franklin had to steal a chocolate crumb from the large cook\rquote s nearly-baked loaf to give to the itty bitty chef, so he could finish icing his itty bitty cake. \'93Where did I put my tea?\'94
\par Somebody popped a delicate china cup down with tragic results. \'93Yes, I\rquote ll have another, thankyou.\'94
\par \'93Franklin,\'94 another woman queried. \'93Who is this woman? Why did she steal my tea?\'94
\par \'93And mine,\'94 said a man. \'93That was the second cup she\rquote s taken.\'94
\par Some colour finally drained into the tea-pinching woman\rquote s face, and her dazed eyes laboriously uncrossed, eventually to focus on some unseen point, some three inches from her nose.
\par \'93I think I\rquote ll have a headache,\'94 she stated casually, and slumped forward, sliding under the table and from view, down into a pile of snoozing sounds.
\par \'93There\rquote s something going on here,\'94 said a somewhat wild eyed Amy. She pointed at the man who called himself Franklin. \'93And you\rquote re going to explain yourself. I want everything.\'94
\par \'93I don\rquote t understand. There\rquote s too much to understand. I couldn\rquote t possibly explain }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 everything}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 .\'94
\par Amy pa
used, looking at the woman slumped on the table. So alike, she thought. How is it that she could look so much like me, yet in so many ways appear so different; older perhaps. She stomped on the thought, passing it on to coincidence, not liking the alterna
tive, which was probably true. Looking at Franklin now words flowed from her mouth. \'93I don\rquote t want you to explain }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 everything}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 
, just what the hell is going on. Who is this woman, why is she here? She doesn\rquote t }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 belong}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 .\'94
\par Franklin grinned, the expression of an insane man fleeing. He moved nowhere, however. \'93I don\rquote t know. I don\rquote t know! I DON\rquote T KNOW!\'94
\par Everyone unconsciously backed away from the table a fraction, as one would when confronting a madman wielding a pot of hot tea. Old Stuart held up an open hand. \'93Hey, fe
llah. Settle down, will you? Calm down. Just put the kettle down, we can talk about it if you like.\'94
\par Young Stuart 1 stood up, and Young Stuart 2 smiled for no obvious reason. Old Stuart sat down.
\par Everyone waited for the kettle to spill, watching it fall in slow motion, tumbling end over end, a fat dolphin in mid flight. It clattered to the floor, the hot leaves attiring the floor in a piteous decorousness. Franklin\rquote 
s brain had finally had enough. Reality can only bend and wither so much before one\rquote s mind must conform. But Franklin\rquote 
s mind was already bent and withered so much that it snapped under the strain. His eyes rolled upwards and out of sight, and he let out a little sigh, toppling like an avalanche.
\par Now there were two bodies on the floor.
\par \'93Damn it! This always happens with you people!\'94 Amy started, and Old Stuart said to everyone else \'93See if you can find some coffee. That cake looks too good to waste.\'94 Then to Amy he held his arms wide and herded her from the room. \'93
I think we should have a little talk.\'94
\par \'93A talk! Drag me off on some stupid adventure and you just want to talk?\'94 Amy almost screamed as Stuart hustled her out of the room. \'93I\rquote m going to get }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\insrsid7028667 fired}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667  for this! I want to know what the hell is going on! Somebody is going to tell me or by damn I\rquote m going to shove somebody\rquote s- and I mean yours- head up their big fat-\'94
\par The door swung shut, which was, for sake of decency, just as well. The X Nerds were all open eyed, and open eared, too, but all there was to hear was a faint \'93Fuffurble nurfle unf kiff muff fuffing fubble!\'94
\par The door swung open, the hinges screeching. \'93Now you,\'94 Amy\rquote s wild eyes said all by themselves, her mouth left far behind.
\par But Old Stuart popped a grinning head around the door. \'93Pray, excuse us a mere moment more.\'94
\par The door swung shut.
\par \'93Whuf huf guff unf duff huf fuff? Huff huf fuffing fubbled? Whuf huf fuff duff huf bruff muff huff fufft? Yoff fuffed-huffed fharfwuff!\'94
\par \'93Burble, gurble. Mrubble, pubble drummel, hurble gurble.\'94
\par \'93Hurble Gurble?\'94 Everybody heard with undeniable clarity. \'93I\rquote ll guff yuff Hurble Gurble!\'94
\par After a brief smacking sound, the door opened a fraction. Everyone saw Old Stuart\rquote s face, and cringed. \'93Coffee, white no sugar, save me some cake. And see if you can find me an Aspriiiiii-\'94
\par The door slammed hard. A foot-shaped indent magically appeared near the door handle.
\par \'93-iiin.\'94
\par The X Nerds all looked at one another, then fled through the rear door.
\par 
\par Some time later, Old Stuart came out of the tent and into the unoppressive sunlight. \'93I think we\rquote ve got things sorted out.\'94
\par There was something different about him. He hair was ruffled, and his shirt was missing numerous buttons and all the material from one arm. His pants were virtually shredded, and he carried one shoe.
\par \'93Amy is just cleaning up.\'94
\par There was a faint lipstick mark on his exposed shoulder.
\par \'93So how much cake is left?\'94
\par Amy appeared in the doorway, somewhat demurred. Nevertheless, the X Nerds kept a respectful distance. Amy had fared better than Stuart, if only just. Because her hair was much longer than Stuart\rquote s, it 
looked more frightful, yet she held her composure well. She also carried her shoes.
\par \'93Excuse me if I seemed at all out of place in there,\'94 she blushed.
\par Karen eyed the pair speculatively, and quoth \'93I won\rquote t ask what you\rquote ve been up to.\'94
\par Old Stuart and Amy both eyed each other sidelong, then looked away at some invisible point nowhere in the vicinity of each other, feigning innocence.
\par \'93Well well,\'94 she said, and smiled. \'93Things do move quickly, don\rquote t they?\'94
\par Amy coughed, though she had nothing in her throat, however a small brown frog leapt from her ear. \'93Where are the others?\'94
\par The X Nerds looked around. Simon said \'93James went back to the ship. He said he was tired. George apparently found a golf stick inside and went out with Linda for a hit.\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s called a club,\'94 nursed a Karen. \'93You go out for a round.\'94
\par \'93Same thing. You whack the puck with your racquet, and whoever gets the least points procures the match. Something of that nature, I do believe.\'94
\par \'93It depends on the handicap.\'94
\par Simon scratched his head. \'93Why would it depend on their hat?\'94
\par \'93What?\'94
\par \'93Pardon?\'94
\par \'93I\rquote m sorry?\'94
\par Simon\rquote s twin looked about, and took a deep breath, taking over from where his near-twin left off. \'93Franklin and that other woman are presumably in the kitchen still. They were when we left.\'94
\par Amy asked \'93How long ago was that?\'94
\par Simon said \'93Immediately after you. Ten to fifteen minutes or so ago.\'94
\par Old Stuart perked up. \'93So there\rquote s some cake left?\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s always you and the cake, isn\rquote t it?\'94 one of the Karen\rquote s grimaced. \'93Remember my sister\rquote s birthday?\'94
\par All the Stuart\rquote s groaned. The Stuart beside Karen said \'93What is it with you and your evil sister\rquote s birthday. I get hungry, you bring up your sister\rquote s birthday. I trip down the stairs, you mention your sister\rquote 
s birthday. We make out behind the cricket shed, you bring up your sister\rquote s damned birthday.\'94
\par Karen gave him a funny sideways look. \'93We never made out behind the cricket shed.\'94
\par \'93We didn\rquote t? Oh, it must have been with\'85\'94 He faded off. His double had a hand over his face, his triple had turned away and was shaking his head slowly.
\par \'93Is there something I should know?\'94 Karen gave him a direct look.
\par \'93No.\'94
\par \'93Let me rephrase that.\'94
\par \'93No.\'94
\par She took his hand, gently. This was bad news. She stroked it calmly. She might as well have been using red hot needles. He felt Goosebumps all over his body}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn {\footnote \ltrpar 
\pard\plain \ltrpar\s16\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\cs15\fs16\up6\insrsid7028667 \chftn }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667  Also similar to the monkey finger thing. Try it for the best effect.}}}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 .
\par \'93Stu?\'94 she cajoled.
\par Uh oh. There was that name again, this time there wasn\rquote t a kiss waiting on the other end.  He wretched his arm free. \'93Cake?\'94
\par \'93Not this time.\'94
\par \'93Bye!\'94
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s17\qc \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f4\fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7028667 20.
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s18\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7028667 Meanwhile, elsewhere in reality\'85
\par (or, at least, in what looks like reality)
\par (or at least looks like a badly drawn cartoon in a wet week old newspaper)
\par (if you squint)
\par Felicity Scalore graciously accepted a cup of Mason\rquote s tea from the petite maid, and nodded almost imperceptibly towards her companion. He resume
d his blithering drivel, on which subject, Felicity was no longer sure. She gazed out over the beautiful Mediterranean vista, letting her eyes grace the solemn masts swaying in the breeze, the sea-planes anchored nearby, and the children playing down by t
he waves.
\par \'93Madam?\'94 her companion asked.
\par \'93I\rquote m sorry,\'94 she commented affectionately. \'93My mind seems to have slipped off for a moment. What was it you were saying?\'94
\par The handsome man pursed his lips, turning his own tea cup around in a half-circle, and in his perfect English voice said \'93I merely suggested you take the afternoon off and come flying with me. We could go to Milan to sup tonight.\'94
\par Felicity sighed. \'93Mr Willikins, as you are aware, I must remain here to oversee the Chateau, else I fear it collapse.\'94
\par \'93Surely, Madam, your staff can-\'94
\par \'93My staff are the crux of the problem, Sir. I feel were I not present, the company could falter in an instant, such is the incompetency of these peasants. Forgive me, Sir, I forget myself.\'94
\par \'93Nay, Madam, it is right that you should feel this way. Perhaps it is that they are fleeing the duties of war, where men with more gut would stand against the foe.\'94
\par Felicity decided it was time enough for the man to leave. \'93My staff are my own concern, Mr Willikins, and my concern. Do not presume to know them in an instant.\'94
\par Mr Willikins was shocked by the turnaround. He had of Madam Scalore\rquote s sudden mood swings, yet nothing had prepared him for Madam Scalore in person. For one, she was impossibly thin, with dark green eyes and full bosom; 
clearly the most beautiful woman in all Italy. Her Chateau stood erect on an island far enough from the coast to endear privacy, yet close enough to attract guests in their air boats and yachts. Guests that would pay large sums to hear her beautiful voice
 sing foreign song of love and heroism, guests that would gamble in fair combat at her card house, and guests that would come to court the stately Baroness, seeking a hand in matrimony and wealth. \'93Madam,\'94 he started. \'93I did not-\'94
\par \'93Nevertheless, Sir, I shal
l remain here tonight. Perhaps fortune will smile your way again one day, your return to be successful. You mention men who have no gut to return and stand with their comrades, yet you have not stood in battle for near the year. You have your leave, Mr Wi
llikins.\'94
\par The man had begun to compose his reply, but saw the Baroness turn back to the ocean, and he knew the conversation to be at an end. He stood, turned, and made his way out of the Chateau.
\par \'93Bitch,\'94 he murmured to one of the grounds staff poking and prodding away in the expansive gardens, who returned his black look.
\par 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87615b8116d8
a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad79482a9c04
98f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b5d8a314d3c
94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab999fb7b471
7509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9699640f671
9e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd5868b37a088d1
e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d60cf03ac1a5
193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f9e7ef3f2d1
17d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be15c308d3f2
8acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a99793849c26ae6
6252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d32a423279a
668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2af074481847
bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86e877f0034e
16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d3311da9750aa9d0a1cd3e4efca31a3508f6d0c5c5c398602f8e2ebc71591f5b616e24dd893aa3261fb44f95d843b
5974bb5c04f4edafb95b7892ec1108f3f98de75dc97d5772bdff7cc95d94cf672db4b3da0a6557f70db629362d72bcb0431e53c6066acac80d699a6409fb44d0
8741bdce9c0e4971624a2378cceaba830b05366b90e0ea23aaa241845368b0eb9e2612ca8c742851ca251ceccc70256d8d87265dd96361531f186c3d9058edf2
c00eafe8e1fc5c509031bb4d680e9f39a3154de0accc56ae644441edd76156d7429d995bdd88664a9dc3ad50197c38af1a0c16d684060441db02565e85f3b966
0d0713cc48a0ed6ef7dedc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c78ab90980d8a9f0913ee49d62b512b79626fb06dccee2a432bbc60276b9f7dec44b
7904cfbca4f3f6443ab2a49c9c2c41476dafd55c6e7ac8c769db1bc399161ee314bc2e75cf8759081743be1236ec4f4d6693e5336fb672c5dc24a8c33585b5fb
9cc24e1d4885545b58463634cc5416022cd19cacfccb4d30eb45296023fd35a458598360f8d7a4003bbaae25e331f155d9d9a5116d3bfb9a95523e51440ca2e0
088dd844ec6370bf0e55d027a012ae264c45d02f708fa6ad6da6dce29c255df9f6cae0ec38666984b372ab5334cf640b37795cc860de4ae2816e95b21be5ceaf
8a49f90b52a51cc6ff3355f47e0237052b81f6800fd7b802239daf6d8f0b1571a8426944fdbe80c6c1d40e8816b88b8569082ab84c36ff0539d4ff6dce591a26
ade1c0a7f669880485fd484582903d284b26fa4e2156cff62e4b9265844c4495c495a9157b440e091bea1ab8aaf7760f4510eaa69a6465c0e04ec69ffb9e65d0
28d44d4e39df9c1a52ecbd3607fee9cec7263328e5d661d3d0e4f62f44acd855ed7ab33cdf7bcb8ae889599bd5c8b3029895b6825696f6af29c239b75a5bb1e6
345e6ee6c28117e73586c1a2214ae1be07e93fb0ff51e133fb65426fa843be0fb515c187064d0cc206a2fa926d3c902e907670048d931db4c1a44959d366ad93
b65abe595f70a75bf03d616c2dd959fc7d4e6317cd99cbcec9c58b34766661c7d6766ca1a9c1b327531486c6f941c638c67cd22a7f75e2a37be0e82db8df9f30
254d30c1372581a1f51c983c80e4b71ccdd28dbf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f74
68656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f24
51eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198
720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528
a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000
000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000
002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468
656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b000016000000000000000000
00000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000000000
00000000000000009b0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000960a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f000000000000000000000000e007
f180dd9ec801feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}