{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang3081\deflangfe3081\themelang3081\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f281\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f282\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f284\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f285\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f286\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f287\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f288\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f289\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f291\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f292\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f294\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f295\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f296\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f297\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f298\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f299\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f621\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f622\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f624\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f625\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f628\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs32\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \spriority0 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang3081\langfe3081\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp3081 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6030755}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\title 1}{\author frumbert}{\operator Tim}{\creatim\yr2008\mo4\dy15\hr19\min47}
{\revtim\yr2008\mo4\dy15\hr19\min47}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages10}{\nofwords5072}{\nofchars23337}{\*\company frumbert productions}{\nofcharsws28353}{\vern32859}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen
\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale142\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nojkernpunct\rsidroot6030755 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect
\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs32\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 1. BOUNTY
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 
Montgomery Reuben\rquote s eyes cautiously panned across the bar as he sat. He grimaced; a thousand slits eyed him back. He ordered a straight Bourbon, tipped it down his throat, then ordered another, and did the same. Warm up. Then he ordered one of th
e house\rquote s cocktails and nurtured it.
\par He had a price on his head, three-quarters of a million credits. At that price he was hardly game for another bounty hunter. Of course, after last night\rquote s little escapade, that would change. He was set to become the galaxy\rquote 
s number one wanted man. That meant fame, fortune, and a great deal of respect. The way Reuben had it figured, he\rquote 
d be worth at least ten million. He sat wondering what to do now. Of course, it also meant a great deal of money. Enough to buy his good name back again.
\par Thick red hair obscured his thin, calculating green eyes.
\par The bar was the Outer Hope; classy little joint, the most hip place this side of absolute zero; stood on its own, over the ice. Outside, the ever-present blizzards raged, forever obs
curing whatever was out there. The city was a few miles away, covered in its synthetic diamond dome. Some Dexians were caged up, filling in a cluttered background of sounds; music, dance, talk.
\par The air was thick with blue smoke. Reuben reached into a deep 
pocket in his shabby beige overcoat and pulled out an expensive Cuban cigar, one of his special ones from Earth. Savouring the smell, he bit the end off and proceeded to smoke it slowly, blowing rings over his cocktail.
\par After a while, his eyes found the bartender, who gradually made his way over.
\par \'93Ratz,\'94 said Reuben, and almost smiled. He nudged the bartenders cybernetic left arm. \'93Finally got a new one, eh?\'94
\par Ratz glanced at Reuben as if he did not recognise him, his left eye a milky white compared to his p
iercing blue right. Ratz was bald and had skin like an old baseball glove. He only just had a moustache, which strangely accentuated the lobeless ears which instantly identified him as of Icanian heritage. \'93
You pulled that stunt last night, Reuben. Heard a lot of people got blown over.\'94
\par Reuben sat back, a fringe surprised, his voice almost inaudible against a thousand others. \'93Me, Ratz?\'94
\par \'93Find a new sun, Reuben. Get out of the game.\'94
\par \'93What game, Ratz?\'94 Asked, his voice perfectly acquiring the mood. His eyes narrowed even further.
\par \'93You\rquote re half price. Keep in touch, Reuben,\'94 Ratz lifted Reuben\rquote s untouched cocktail from the bar and shuffled away.
\par Reuben knew the call. Ratz had overheard something; knew something like he always did. He had taken his drink, and t
hat meant trouble was too close to even finish it. Without a word more, He stepped off his seat and found his way out, pulling his coat up around his ears against the roaring wind.
\par For a moment at the door he stared into a pair of feminine eyes, a beautiful woman of a race he\rquote 
d never seen before. Her hair was pure white and flowed easily from above her face to near her slim waist. She wore a single-piece outfit of a blue that perfectly matched her eyes, and rather strangely, accentuated an almost invisible 
vertical dent cresting the centre of her forehead. Her lips were of a sensual deep blue, her black eyelashes contrasting vividly with her pale-white skin.
\par Reuben held the door open for this strange woman; she turned and seemed to see something in him, deep in his soul, but floated by on those perfect long legs.
\par In the safety of his infra-red resistant windbreaker he made his way off into the swirling white snow, listening to the distant sounds of engines and gunfire. Ratz, as always, had been right. Already the local leo\rquote s or the merc\rquote 
s were on him. He hit the deck, thinking \lquote Shit! They\rquote ve named five. I\rquote m worth at least seven.\rquote 
\par For a moment the blizzard turned orange, and then billowed as the explosion\rquote s shockwave hit. Reuben stayed buried in the relatively warm snow for an hour and a half. Only after windy silence had descended did he finger his transport.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 2. ESCAPE
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 
\'93They named five. I\rquote m worth seven at a minimum.\'94
\par Reuben\rquote s ship, an Andromeda E Class, plodded through the relative safety and comfort of space 
at a mere one hundred and fifty thousand miles per hour, too slow to even be a pinhead on the scanners. It was slow, but safe. The Andromeda E Class could go faster, much faster. It was one of the fastest ships around, and also one of the most expensive. 
It could even escape a black hole, or so it was said. They didn\rquote t make them like this old baby any more. Reuben lazed at the controls. Inadvertently, he wondered who owned it.
\par \'93Five point three-two-five, to be more precise,\'94 said the ship in her slight voice. \'93
Named by the president of the Milieu, one hour and thirteen minutes after you destroyed the Milieu High Council building on Dexia. Report one thousand three hundred and seven killed, no known survivors.\'94
\par Reuben fingered his palm, smiled to himself. \'93Guess I did a good job then.\'94
\par \'93Do you wish me to notify the Milieu of our current location?\'94 Andromeda asked politely.
\par \'93Fuck no. Under no circumstances do I want anybody, and I mean beside myself, anybody to know where we are or where we are going. Is that understood?\'94
\par \'93Yes, Montgomery.\'94
\par \'93Andromeda, honey, call me Reuben.\'94
\par \'93Yes, Reuben.\'94 the Andromeda said.
\par \'93And Andromeda?\'94 Reuben relit his cigar and slumped back in his chair.
\par \'93Yes, Reuben?\'94 The ship responded in her rhythmless voice.
\par \'93Relax.\'94
\par Andromeda was about to respond, then suddenly didn\rquote t.
\par 
\par It was a small asteroid, the Cave. It was called the Cave, but it was really a big ship planted firmly inside an asteroid. Disguised as a lump of space rock, free to dally around in slow orbits without attracting too
 much attention. Mechanisms in the rock allowed it to change shape periodically so nobody could wise up to a familiar-shaped rock showing up at every turn.
\par Reuben didn\rquote t live at the Cave, but knew somebody who did. Knew the proprietor. Just as well, too. Ships and people poking around too close to the Cave often mysteriously crashed into the asteroid or vanished without a trace. There was good reason.

\par The black \rquote roid lurked at the edge of Reuben\rquote s radar now. A tiny speck, no infra-red trail, no spectral data other than flat black. To anybody\rquote s sensors, it could be just any old large, cold \rquote roid. Just a lump of rock.
\par It was in Reuben\rquote s scanning field; no doubt he was in theirs. He instructed Andromeda to slow when he was within a kilometre of the obtuse objec
t, matched speed and held it right there. No radio or digital contact, that was the deal. Pure old-fashioned stuff; he got Andromeda to flash her lights in a prepared sequence. His code; those on the asteroid didn\rquote 
t know the ship, had all their tractor beams pointed its way, ready. His code finished, was met by a silent black loom. It took a second, but a faint old-fashioned red-light laser ticked over the ships body, scanning, sensing, seeing.
\par Reuben waited. A section of the outer face slid back, open. Reuben instructed Andromeda to slide into the opening. Andromeda naturally obeyed her master, docked even as the giant rocky door slid shut. For a while, all was very dark.
\par Last thing Reuben said before he left Andromeda alone was \'93Forget everything you\rquote ve just seen.\'94 He was talking to the ship.
\par Inside the Cave he met an old friend, so to speak. A l\rquote Borg woman named Millennium.
\par Millennium was unbeautiful in a well-groomed way. She had a poker face; no emotion crossed her lips as she spoke. Pure yellow hair hun
g to her shoulders, where it hit the black artificial skin or her shoulders. She had grey eyes, no expression. Her face and body was living pink skin, her arms and legs robotic. In a black and chrome hand she held a cup of something blue gently. That arm 
raised the cup to her lips, which only parted long enough for the drink to go in, then resealed.
\par \'93C\rquote mon, Millennium,\'94 Reuben was saying. Side by side they ambled up grey stairs, towards an equally grey door. Somewhere below, the stolen Andromeda E Class sat quietly. \'93Talk to me.\'94
\par \'93All right. I don\rquote t have time for you.\'94 It was all she said. Those sullen red lips a flat line.
\par \'93Hey, if it\rquote s about getting\rquote  you busted up by the K-men, I\rquote m sorry. Hell, Millennium, they were going to pop me in the airlock. I hadda  get out of there. Sorry if you-\'94
\par Millennium spun around, angry, and lifted Reuben by his neck with her chromium arm. \'93I said I don\rquote t have time for you or your games, Reuben. I\rquote ll take the Andromeda if you want, but you are out of here today, either in a s
hip, or with the dump.\'94
\par Reuben started to choke, and the l\rquote Borg woman dropped him, then strode away.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 3. CHANGES
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 
Reuben found his own way to the bar. Like all bars he frequented, this one was a seedy, dark hovel, it\rquote s inhabitants permanently obscured by a 
reeking blue smoky haze and blaring noise no-one dare call music. Once in the room, he had to fight his way through stinking sots and hookers to reach the bar.
\par He ordered a Bourbon, and kept the bottle. He nursed a few, then took the time to observe his co
mpanions. He recognised somebody over the other side of the bar, and their eyes met, but neither made the effort to join the other, and they did not make eye contact again.
\par \'93What\rquote s the news?\'94 he asked the barman, not expecting a reply.
\par \'93You gotta lot of nerve, Reuben, coming back here after pulling a stunt like that. You\rquote re damned lucky somebody didn\rquote t blow you out of the sky out there. I heard you pulled an E Class Andromeda out from nowhere. It\rquote 
s been a long time since anybody\rquote s seen one of those babies, you\rquote d better hope for your sake that nobody\rquote s seen where you\rquote ve parked it.\'94
 The big Dexian barkeep said in hushed tones. Hie eyes passed beyond Reuben, then he turned away. He had company.
\par A voice behind him said \'93I thought I told you to be out of here by now.\'94
\par Reuben turned. It was Millennium, and she had three huge l\rquote Borg security bots with her, each carrying several highly visible phaser weapons. He was urged to his feet, and gradually they found their way to the door. \'93
Hey, I was just on my way. I came here for one last drink, that\rquote s all. I\rquote ll go now.\'94
\par \'93You know how I like to keep my promises, Reuben. You remember how I promised to even our differences someday.\'94
\par \'93Hey, come on. Take the ship. It\rquote s worth everything between us and more. I love that ship, but you can have it. Hell, Millennium, I\rquote m no good to anybody dead, take the ship.\'94
\par Millennium laughed; the only time the man could remember her doing so. \'93I\rquote m not going to kill you, Monty, which is to say, you\rquote re not going to die today. Instead, I\rquote ll let you guess what you\rquote 
re going to give me- but first a hint. What did you take away?\'94
\par Suddenly, Reuben pitched forward into a painful blackness as one of the soldiers butted a steel gun against his temple.
\par 
\par He awoke with a splitting headache.
\par The first thing he
 noticed was the room: A white room filled with pernicious looking robotic surgery equipment. The second thing he noticed was that he had been carefully strapped down to the table. Across the room stood Millennium, and next to her, a man dressed in white 
overalls. Immediately he became very frightened, suspecting the torturous things he was about to incur. 
\par \'93Have you guessed yet?\'94 she asked, an evil smile on her face. She motioned her the doctor to help her into a person-shaped frame near Reuben\rquote s, and as the doctor strapped her down she spoke again. \'93
Give up? Well, no matter. In a few hours, I will be able to feel with flesh and blood hands. You, however, I can\rquote t speak for.\'94
\par \'93Millennium, you bag of slut!\'94 Reuben screamed. \'93You\rquote re going to cut my hands off. You\rquote re a dirty turd hanging from the arse of a dead Icanian!\'94
\par \'93Oh calm down, Reuben. I\rquote m not going to cut off your hands. What good would they be to me? No, while I lie here and sleep, these robots are going to cut off your whole arms and swap them with mine.\'94 She paused for effect. \'93See, we\rquote 
re not cutting off your \lquote hands\rquote .\'94
\par Montgomery Reuben had long gone totally white. He shivered uncontrollably, and screamed incessantly when the robots dislocated both his shoulders. He lost control of his bowels and pass
ed out when diamond-edged blades cut through the meat and bone of his shoulders, severing them from his body with the ease of a laser welder cutting though a stick of butter.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 4. MISSION
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 
He just couldn\rquote t get used to the new weight; it threw him every time. He leapt for the ledge once more, but his arms had acquired an inch or two more size, and he felt the edge hit against his forearm.
\par That was the other thing he couldn\rquote t understand about his arms- feeling. He had two perfectly serviceable cybernetic limbs,
 yet could only feel in three regions; upper arm, forearm and hand. He had no individual sense of his fingers, and a touch on his wrist felt the same a bruise below his elbow. He found he had to watch his hands to see what they were doing, meaning he now 
had to realign his balance and visual sense.
\par He leapt for the ledge once more, this time making sure he was watching the extent and position of his new arms. He caught the ledge and drew himself up with considerable ease. His arms contained the strength of 
around ten strong men, and could withstand up to twenty times the pressures human arms could suffer before breaking. The chromium substance coating the delicate robotics was impervious to most phaser wavelengths, and resistant to temperatures in the far e
xtremes. In fact, had they had perfect feeling, he would not have wished for anything better.
\par He sat back on the ledge and wondered once more why he was still alive. He simply couldn\rquote t understand why Millennium would swap arms with him, then go to so much t
rouble to keep him alive and healthy. Obviously the bitch had other plans for him; she wouldn\rquote 
t keep him alive and next amputate his legs for a vile swap. He took a hold of an iron bar to swing down from the ledge, but accidentally crushed it in his strong hand.
\par \'93These arms are so weak, Monty.\'94 Millennium called from the door. He hadn\rquote t heard her enter. \'93But I guess that\rquote s the price of biology.\'94
\par Reuben dived down, allowing his arms to take most of the fall, then tried to flip over onto his feet, overcompensated for his acquired strength, then landed hard on his face. From the floor he growled \'93What the hell do you want?\'94
\par \'93Be civil, Monty. I was merely coming to see how you are adapting. The doctor has finally let me out of the infirmary, and taken the wretch
ed plaster off. I had completely forgotten how much pain is involved in living tissue. Oh, but the pain is a pleasure after so many years of vague senses and misbegotten itches. You\rquote ll come to hate those illicit feelings in your body.\'94
\par Reuben stood up brushing the fresh blood away from his nose. \'93Have you come here for a reason, or just to torment me?\'94
\par Millennium blinked, then she was back to her usual cold self. \'93A little of both. Now we are even, I have a business proposition for you.\'94
\par The bleeding man snorted and tried to rush Millennium, but a security bot held up a cybernetic hand to restrain him. \'93Even! You cut my god-damned arms off to get even? I offered you the Andromeda. You know it\rquote 
s one of the fastest ships in the galaxy. An E Class, they don\rquote t construct them like that these days. Offload it to the right buyer and you could afford immortality with half the money it brings. God-damn you, you dog\rquote 
s arse. Taunting me with a business proposition. If you want to kill me, just go on an do it. I don\rquote t want to see your face any longer.\'94
\par Millennium stepped around the security bot and told it to leave. She put her arm around Rueben\rquote s shoulder, obviously relishing in the new feelings generated by the action. \'93Careful what you say, Monty. You don\rquote t want to off
set things again. I can see you\rquote re a little angry about the changes your life is taking, so why don\rquote t you listen to what I\rquote m about to tell you. As I said, I have a business proposition for you. If you accept, you\rquote 
ll end up in a position to buy your way out of those dealings that brought you to where you stand today.\'94
\par Reuben had calmed down a little. \'93And if I decline?\'94
\par Millennium stepped away from him, and as kindly as she could phrase it, said \'93We\rquote ll flush you out into space with the dump.\'94
\par \'93You are a dirty thieving bitch. What option do I have?\'94
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 5. PHOENIX
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 
\'93I knew you\rquote d see it my way. Well, I\rquote ll give it to you straight and simple. The K-men, of whom you are obviously aware, have been giving the Cave trouble for the last few cycles. They of course are awar
e of our location, information we lack about their headquarters, which puts them in a dangerous position, as you will realise. There are rumours around that they were the ones who put you up to bombing the leo block on Dexia. Now I can\rquote 
t say if that\rquote s true, but if it is, then we both may gain something by erasing these treacherous fiends.\'94
\par Reuben tensed his hands. \'93You want me to take out the K-men? You\rquote re completely mad!\'94
\par \'93Perhaps. But we can take care of the warships; the Cave is very well armoured. What you have to do is take out their base. Find it, then take it out. Any questions?\'94
\par \'93Any questions? What the hell am I supposed to take it out with? A couple of core-phasers and a portable nuke? Do you see me packing?\'94
\par Millennium strode away from Reuben, rubbing her- his- arms sensually. She\rquote d had the hands modified, more feminine than he\rquote d remembered. \'93Are you aware of the so-called \lquote Firebird\rquote  project?\'94
\par Reuben spluttered. \'93You mean the Phoenix? Can you name me one person in this galaxy who hasn\rquote t? It\rquote s said to be capable of annihilating suns!\'94
\par \'93If you were suicidally insane, I guess you could. Why don\rquote t you come with me?\'94 Millennium led a scared-looking Reuben from the room, and down a complex series of hallways and stairwells. When they finally stopped, Reub
en looked out into the vista of open space, only a forcefield between him and the emptiness.
\par Reuben wandered around the null space. \'93So where is it?\'94
\par \'93What I am about to tell you is strictly between myself and you. If you breathe a word of this to anybody, well, just fear the consequences. The only other who knows is The Man. You know that I can hurt you.\'94
\par Reuben walked over the edge and looked out into space. He motioned for Millennium to continue.
\par \'93You have probably guessed that we are in possession of the Phoenix weapon. Do you know what it looks like?\'94
\par \'93No. I guess it\rquote s some kind of particle projectile weapon, but that\rquote s about all I know.\'94
\par \'93It\rquote s a phased wavelength sub-atomic particle beam device, very unstable. Very few people know what the Phoenix looks like, and only one knows how it works. Okay,\'94 said Millennium, looking around to make sure nobody else was present. \'93
Hold your arms together like this.\'94 She held her arms close so her forearms touched from her wrist to her elbow.
\par \'93Why?\'94
\par \'93You\rquote ll see. Just do it, okay?\'94
\par Reuben held his arm together like shown, then pending further instruction, linked his fingers. His elbows were cushioned by his stomach, and due to the nature of his muscles, he could not point his arms at the floor.
\par \'93That\rquote s right,\'94 smiled Millennium. \'93Now, clap.\'94
\par \'93How? My hands are together.\'94
\par \'93Clap, make the movements in your arms like your going to clap.\'94
\par Reuben did as instructed. Then he watched in horror as the black chrome robotics of his hands melted into each other, as if made of liqui
d. He closed his eyes as if to clear away this hallucination, but when he opened them, it was apparent that what had happened was no hallucination.
\par \'93Behold, the Phoenix.\'94
\par Reuben could feel the gun. He no longer had arms as such, they were joined in the mid
dle into some kind of awesome-looking tube that was the weapon. All those senses that he missed in his arms and fingers were all there inside the rod that his arms had become. He could feel the trigger mechanism where only moments ago had been his finger.
 He could feel the potential of the weapon inside his arms, and by moving what he thought of as his hands, he could change the intensity of the weapon, the potential ranging from barely more than a hard slap to... godlike proportions.
\par \'93Clap again to release the weapon,\'94 said Millennium, in awe.
\par When Reuben\rquote s robotic arms had magically transfigured back to their normal shapes, he turned to Millennium and stared disbelievingly at her, who was smiling appreciatively back at him. \'93You carried the Phoenix with yo
u all the time, in your arms? That I carry the Phoenix?\'94
\par \'93Yes, but you are the first person I\rquote ve seen who can assemble it. The ng\rquote Karmian Prince I retrieved Phoenix from could not activate it, and nor could I. I tried the same process, after exhaustive res
earch to find out how to activate it. The ng\rquote 
Karmian gentleman in question had certain difficulties disclosing the information. He began talking once I tore the arms from his living tissue, and I had to beat him to death with them to shut him up. I guess I just didn\rquote 
t have the knack for activation. Well, there you go. You have the most powerful weapon known, and I\rquote ve kept the Andromeda just for you. What\rquote s stopping you from your date with the K-men?\'94
\par \'93What\rquote s stopping me from taking the ship, sailing out a light year or so and then blasting you to dust with the gun?\'94
\par \'93You are, Monty. Here some incentive. We can clear your name. We can credit you with enough chips to buy the galaxy. We have the technology to replace cybernetic limbs with real live tissue, as w
e have demonstrated with your generous offering of arms. Nobody you know can do that yet, and we know that because it\rquote 
s one of the reasons you first came to the Cave those years ago. How is the foot, by the way? We have contacts, Monty, and knowledge. You can\rquote t kill us because we own you. We made you what you are today, and you owe us for that. You\rquote 
re even with me; the promise has been discarded. But we are the Cave, and have many contacts outside the Cave. If you kill us, you\rquote d better be prepared to kill them as well, because you\rquote 
ll be running for the rest of your life. Besides, you have ethics.\'94
\par Reuben snorted, began to smirk. \'93Stopped by a god-damned ethic. What is the world coming to?\'94
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 5. CONTINUUM
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 
Very soon after that little meeting Reuben was kicked out of the cave by Millennium, on instruct from The Man, whom he did not know. He had Andromeda request access to the Cave, but he couldn\rquote 
t even see them on the radio spectrum, and figured correctly that his days with the Cave were coming to an end. But wit
h that realisation he also concluded that his options were becoming clear, and the future was again a dark area; unexplored territory with many new directions and paths.
\par \'93Andromeda,\'94 he said idly to his ship.
\par \'93Yes, Monty?\'94
\par \'93Monty? I like that. Good to see you\rquote re finally kicking back a bit. Where\rquote s someplace you\rquote ve never been?\'94
\par \'93Monty?\'94 the ship asked, perhaps confused.
\par \'93Never mind. Did you scan the Outer Hope?\'94
\par \'93Yes, Monty, as per your instruction.\'94 said the ship.
\par Reuben gulped down a fistful of the thick grey ale nestled in a white glass nearby. \'93Did you see a tall woman with white hair and a dent in her forehead? What race was she? What ship was she in?\'94
\par \'93The female is of the ng\rquote Karmian Maestro-Artisans; the last known presiding race-family of the Fourth Empire. ng\rquote 
Karmian tradition forbids those of the Maestro-Artisans of leaving the confines of the origin system unless in time of dire need. The last known ng\rquote Karmian Maestro-Artisan sighting was over four-hundred and fifty years ago, with the collapse of t
he Third Empire, during the evacuation of the outer Terran colonies.\'94\line \'93What ship did she arrive in?\'94
\par Andromeda paused as if in thought. \'93The female did not arrive in a craft. Data indicates her presence at the site was instantaneous.\'94
\par Reuben scoffed. \'93She materialised from nothing, is that what you\rquote re saying?\'94
\par \'93The data is inconclusive. Data gathered from the Continuum indicates ng\rquote Karmian technology of past millennia to have superseded many the technologies of current known civilisations as current communi
cation with the races of the Empire are formed.\'94
\par \'93Oh. So, what happened to her?\'94
\par \'93Cache data on the woman ceased a moment before the explosion.\'94
\par Reuben smiled. \'93So she\rquote s out there, somewhere.\'94
\par The great ship accelerated out away from the Cave, in a direction Reuben felt was unfamiliar. \'93Where are we going?\'94 he asked.
\par Andromeda, slipping into hyperspace, replied \'93I predicted you seek the ng\rquote Karmian origin world, and have proceeded to begin the voyage.\'94
\par Reuben again swilled a mouth of his ale, and relaxed for the journey ahead. \'93Oh my Andromeda, you know me too well. You and I are going to have a beautiful life together.\'94
\par Far down in the organo-electronic mind of the ship, the spirit of Andromeda tossed the various meanings of this concept in her mind, causing something deep and obscure to stir in her living memory banks. Had she form, she would have smiled faintly.
\par 
\par Coming out of hyperspace was one of those things Reuben always dreaded. Although he knew the Andromeda knew what she was doing, he still sat on th
e edge of his seat every time, wondering if they would emerge back in real space only to plough at three hundred thousand miles a second into an asteroid or moon.
\par \'93You sure you know what you\rquote re doing?\'94 He asked the ship in what may have been mistaken for a nervous voice. He did not get nervous. Tetchy, perhaps, but never nervous.
\par \'93Trust me,\'94 Andromeda said almost too casually. Then the grey fog of the spatial hypermath realm fell away and the great ship slid back into the universe like a stone re-emerging f
rom the lake into which it had been flung, the fabric of reality rippling away into the inky void.
\par Together, they were thrust into the icy tail of a comet. Andromeda knew what to do, but hadn\rquote t the power to achieve it. \'93Unscheduled systems failure. Automatic navigation systems are failing. I need you to take manual controls. Now!\'94
\par Reuben hadn\rquote t been prepared at all for this. He found himself flung from the seat before his brain told him to hold on. The ship screamed around him.
\par \'93What?\'94 he yelled.
\par \'93Take the controls! I can\rquote t navigate.\'94 Andromeda replied.
\par Reuben jumped back into the seat, muscling his way into the g-web before attempting to grab the wildly swaying flightsticks. \'93I need help!\'94 He shouted but it was drowned out by a malicious boom and ferocious 
shuddering sound from deep down below him somewhere. Outside, the universe started to spin.
\par Reuben in his struggle to control the ship forgot about his new-found strength, and managed to tear one of the joysticks from its housing.
\par \'93That\rquote s not good,\'94 understated Andromeda mildly.
\par Reuben wished he would pass out, but it never happened. He could only sit and wait for the end to come. \'93Damn it to hell. Can\rquote t you do something? Shit!\'94
\par Andromeda did something. She flooded the ships ventilation systems with nitrous-oxide, thereby rending Reuben virtually senseless.
\par \'93Now I might be able to concentrate,\'94 she pondered, and set her sensors guilefully on the blue icy moon flashing in and out of view out the front portal. After that there was nothing else she could do but watch.
\par 
\par It was black. The room was black, and outside it was black, too. There might have been a mountain range outside, but it could just be imagination. Reuben was bleeding all over himself, he couldn\rquote t work out why.
\par \'93What happened?\'94
\par There was no reply.
\par \'93Andromeda? Are you there?\'94 He asked the darkness. Somewhere, there came a grumbling noise, and oxygen flooded the room. It occurred to him that he\rquote d been suffocating. He spat blood.
\par \'93Hey Andromeda?\'94
\par Some lights came on; little ones across the front console. His eyes adjusted and he saw less ruin in the cockpit than he\rquote d imagined lurking in that deep darkness. He figured he has caused most of it anyway. \'93Monty, I am here.\'94
 He thought he heard.
\par \'93Shit.\'94 He said, rolling around on the floor. \'93Where are we?\'94
\par \'93I encountered the tail of a comet upon re-emergence from hyperspace. Due to the irregularity of the particles in the comet and the nature of this region of space, I was unable to correctly deduce a safe route through.\'94
\par \'93You screwed up, then.\'94 The man smirked, standing uneasily.
\par Andromeda may have chuckled, but the sound came out all wrong. \'93I think it would be an appropriate time to say \lquote Whoops \endash  My bad.\rquote \'94
\par At that, he laughed out loud. \'93I think I said this before \endash  we\rquote re going to get on great together, you and me. Once you learn how to drive, that is.\'94
\par Andromeda tried a sigh, and it worked. \'93I am stuck.\'94
\par At once, Montgomery Reuben realised the distraught nature of that sigh, of that sentence. All he could come up with was a drawn out \'93Oh.\'94
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs32\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs32\lang3081\langfe1033\kerning32\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 6. FAITH
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang3081\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3081\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6030755 

\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb6ac3301045f785fe83d0b6d8
72ba28a5d8cea249777d2cd20f18e4b12d6a8f843409c9df77ecb850ba082d74231062ce997b55ae8fe3a00e1893f354e9555e6885647de3a8abf4fbee29bbd7
2a3150038327acf409935ed7d757e5ee14302999a654e99e393c18936c8f23a4dc072479697d1c81e51a3b13c07e4087e6b628ee8cf5c4489cf1c4d075f92a0b
44d7a07a83c82f308ac7b0a0f0fbf90c2480980b58abc733615aa2d210c2e02cb04430076a7ee833dfb6ce62e3ed7e14693e8317d8cd0433bf5c60f53fea2fe7
065bd80facb647e9e25c7fc421fd2ddb526b2e9373fed4bb902e182e97b7b461e6bfad3f010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c00000
00360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4fc7060abb08
84a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b63095120f88d94fbc
52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462a1a82fe353
bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468
656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b4b0d592c9c
070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b4757e8d3f7
29e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65
312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87615b8116d8
a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad79482a9c04
98f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b5d8a314d3c
94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab999fb7b471
7509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9699640f671
9e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd5868b37a088d1
e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d60cf03ac1a5
193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f9e7ef3f2d1
17d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be15c308d3f2
8acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a99793849c26ae6
6252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d32a423279a
668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2af074481847
bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86e877f0034e
16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d3311da9750aa9d0a1cd3e4efca31a3508f6d0c5c5c398602f8e2ebc71591f5b616e24dd893aa3261fb44f95d843b
5974bb5c04f4edafb95b7892ec1108f3f98de75dc97d5772bdff7cc95d94cf672db4b3da0a6557f70db629362d72bcb0431e53c6066acac80d699a6409fb44d0
8741bdce9c0e4971624a2378cceaba830b05366b90e0ea23aaa241845368b0eb9e2612ca8c742851ca251ceccc70256d8d87265dd96361531f186c3d9058edf2
c00eafe8e1fc5c509031bb4d680e9f39a3154de0accc56ae644441edd76156d7429d995bdd88664a9dc3ad50197c38af1a0c16d684060441db02565e85f3b966
0d0713cc48a0ed6ef7dedc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c78ab90980d8a9f0913ee49d62b512b79626fb06dccee2a432bbc60276b9f7dec44b
7904cfbca4f3f6443ab2a49c9c2c41476dafd55c6e7ac8c769db1bc399161ee314bc2e75cf8759081743be1236ec4f4d6693e5336fb672c5dc24a8c33585b5fb
9cc24e1d4885545b58463634cc5416022cd19cacfccb4d30eb45296023fd35a458598360f8d7a4003bbaae25e331f155d9d9a5116d3bfb9a95523e51440ca2e0
088dd844ec6370bf0e55d027a012ae264c45d02f708fa6ad6da6dce29c255df9f6cae0ec38666984b372ab5334cf640b37795cc860de4ae2816e95b21be5ceaf
8a49f90b52a51cc6ff3355f47e0237052b81f6800fd7b802239daf6d8f0b1571a8426944fdbe80c6c1d40e8816b88b8569082ab84c36ff0539d4ff6dce591a26
ade1c0a7f669880485fd484582903d284b26fa4e2156cff62e4b9265844c4495c495a9157b440e091bea1ab8aaf7760f4510eaa69a6465c0e04ec69ffb9e65d0
28d44d4e39df9c1a52ecbd3607fee9cec7263328e5d661d3d0e4f62f44acd855ed7ab33cdf7bcb8ae889599bd5c8b3029895b6825696f6af29c239b75a5bb1e6
345e6ee6c28117e73586c1a2214ae1be07e93fb0ff51e133fb65426fa843be0fb515c187064d0cc206a2fa926d3c902e907670048d931db4c1a44959d366ad93
b65abe595f70a75bf03d616c2dd959fc7d4e6317cd99cbcec9c58b34766661c7d6766ca1a9c1b327531486c6f941c638c67cd22a7f75e2a37be0e82db8df9f30
254d30c1372581a1f51c983c80e4b71ccdd28dbf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f74
68656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f24
51eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198
720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528
a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100828abc13fa0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000
000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000000000000000000000
002b0100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000000000140200007468
656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d001400060008000000210096b5ade296060000501b000016000000000000000000
00000000d10200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000000000
00000000000000009b0900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000960a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e352e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffffec69d9888b8b3d4c859eaf6cd158be0f0000000000000000000000000072
13c0dd9ec801feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}